7	1900-01-01	"New Year. First day of 1900 Charlie Merritt died at Grand Forks British Columbia yesterday of typhoid fever. To-day is election day and pap went up about 3 o'clock and did not get back until nearly 10. He brought us some candy chocolate drops. We had a very fat goose for dinner, not a very young one. Had to have good teeth."
7	1900-01-02	"Went uptown in afternoon. Was up to Eckardt's but Miss Macfarlane was not there so I did not get what I wanted. Called at office and Nettie came home with me for tea. Mr Carman came over and borrowed my Mildred books. Then Leta came & borrowed my German Grammar as she forgot hers & left it at school before holiday. Papa, mamma, Nettie & I played crokinole. Mamma & I beat. The 2nd Contingent left for Toronto today to go to South Africa. Dr King's som went."
8	1900-01-03	"Mrs Trusty was here washing School started to-day, but I was not going this week. Mamma went to the church and then to Mrs Chatfields Took her the church books. The queen Street Baptist church had a service of praise this evening. Mrs Chapman is organist & Mrs Read-Muir sang Mrs George Armstrong has a daughter was born on New Year's day."
8	1900-01-04	"Went over to Carman's to have Ella go with me to Dunn's greenhouse. We went about half past three. I brought a primrose Miss Chaplin was in there. Mamma went to Mrs Klotz at home Beatrice helped. Papa & I went to Sunday School entertainment at night. Had a very long programme. There was a dialogue called ""Aunt Ketty's shopping which was good, and a shaving scene. Mr perry gave a tableful of prizes away. Beatrice came home with us. They had a drill of girls & they sang ""Soldiers of the Queen"""
9	1900-01-05	"Sweep day. I read ""At the Camerons"" in the ""Harper's Young People"" when mamma was sweeping. We had a beggar in afternoon asking for a few cents as he had a long way to go. Rats! Went over to Lee's in afternoon after eggs. Took a ""Young Ladies Journal"" Mrs Pay lent me. Her kitty has a sore tail. Mrs Malcolmson came after eggs when I was there. She got large sum of 2. Had some candy at night."
9	1900-01-06	Took my music lesson. Mr Read had not had his breakfast when I got there so Mrs Campbell showed me some of Robert Campbell's sketches. Mr Read just had 2 new songs. he designed the cover himself for them. Took the 6th Eutude of Czerny Op 740. Went to Eckhardt's & got my Mathew's History of Music & a scribbling pad. Mrs Trusty was here ironing. Mamma & I went uptown in the afternoon. She got a very pretty chrysanthermum centerpiece at Miss Anderson's Papa got 5 rabbits. have Deceptive Cadences in Harmony for next week.
10	1900-01-07	"My birthday 18 years Oh! I am getting very old. The first Sunday in the new year. Went to church in the morning. Mr Perry read an address from the Bishops of the different dioceses for Foreign & Canadian missions Did not go to Sunday School as it was raining. Read some in my new History of Music. It is very interesting. Papa, mamma & I went to church at night. Text ""There is salvation in no other"" Charlie merrit was buried this afternoon."
10	1900-01-08	I really started to school this morning. Staid home & practiced in afternoon as the club meets to-night at Dwyers. Papa had to go to Lodge first so mamma & I went. There was hardly any of the club there. Mrs Klotz & Mr & Mrs Marshall were there. Mrs Klotz won the ladies prize a little hot water teapot & papa won the gentleman's an ebony hat brush. Walderman Klotz called for his mother. I played some & so did he. Mrs Pays niece Alice Boyle died on Sunday.
11	1900-01-09	"Practised in the morning as I have to go to school this afternoon. Went to school and Annie Gardiner & I sat together. Came home with the trio Leta, Laura Newman & Nellie Lloyd. I went with Nell around Duke St. Toronto is getting to be a bad place. A Miss Ferguerson was sandbagged on Friday night & died, then last night a young boy was knocked down."
11	1900-01-10	"Did not go to school to-day Mamma has been lengthening my Heather mixture skirt & I wore it to-day. Went to Dwyer's after Beatrice to go with me to try the piano in Wherry's Hall, but she & May Henderson went out to Nellie Barnes as she has been sick. Went & got Nettie to go with me. The one piano is a good one They are both Nordheimers. Papa & mamma went to Coy's at night. Papa got a nice calendar from the Peters Cartridge Co. & to-day at noon J.N . Walker the popular druggist was married to-day to Miss Lake."
12	1900-01-11	"Did not go to school in the afternoon. The ""Musician"" for January came to-night. I have to play at Muscial to-night. Called for Beatrice & then Beatrice mamma & I went up Wellington St. to meet Ethel McEdward. When we got the programmes there was a mistake in printing & my name was not on but I played just the same. ""Au Matin"" by Godard. Miss G. Champman came home with us Eva Robertson played a pretty ""Gigue"" by Godard."
12	1900-01-12	"Went to Lee's then to school. Annie Gardiner intended stopping and going to the Art School in Buffalo but is not going. Miss Nelson is there. Annie & I went uptown. She went to Bazaar & I went to McLauren's after some hairpins & to library & Llyod's after the teapot. Mamma went over to Mrs Pays in afternoon. Aunt Allie sent me a birthday present. A book ""In the Tents of Kedar. She has been in Buffalo & jsut got home on the 9th"
13	1900-01-13	"Took my music lesson. Took No 27. Funeral March in ""Songs without Words"" by Mendelssohn & the 7th Etude Czerny's 749. Mr Read heard I did very well Thursday. Mrs Camp told him. Went uptown in the afternoon to get premium trading stamps. They stamp ten instead of giving stamps. Went down to Miss Crawford's. Miss McLaren was there. Did not get home until nearly six."
13	1900-01-14	"Did not go to church in the morning as it is very rainy and sloppy. Then in the afternoon did not go to Sunday School as it was raining harder still. Papa is reading ""in Tents of Kedar"". I have been reading the Musicains. There is one very good article on ""The Development of Technique from Bach to Liszt"". We did not go to church as it was rainy again. I wish we did not have rainy Sundays. I finished ""In Tents of Kedar"" to-night"
14	1900-01-15	"Went to school in morning, but had my walk for nothing for they had the weekly examinations. Miss Fowler on Queen St. died yesterday in the hospital. Papa got five books at night. Premiums with the ""Hall Hour"" Four by A. Conan Doyle and one by Robert Louis Stevenson. It rained very hard at night."
14	1900-01-16	"Went to school in afternoon. Papa went to Hamilton to-night to the Hamilton Gun Club shoot. Called in Dwyer's in afternoon to see if she would go with mamma & I to Knox Church to-night. Mamma & I called for her at night. They had an entertainment called ""Jerusha Dow's Family Album. It was fine. Mrs McClive was the grandmother and explained each picture. Mrs McGhie came home with us. Lost my little black pin from my skirt."
15	1900-01-17	"Went to school in morning. Annie Gardiner is taking drawing lessons at Demill College. She has to go Monday, Tuesday, & Thursday mornings. Mrs Trusty was here. The clothes did not dry. Mamma went to Church. Mrs Haun wanted to know why I had not been at the Bible class for 3 Sundays Mrs Greenwood & Mabel had an ""At Home"" Mamma went. Mrs Coy came home with her"
15	1900-01-18	"Practiced in the morning. Got ready to go to school, but it was raining. Waited for a while then went uptown. Got some Glycerine & Celery King at Walkers & Abbs. Then to the library. Got ""The Choir Invisible"", by James Lane Allen. Went to Eckhardt's & paid for my musical history. Got the papers. Mr Bunting was in the office Mamma went to Mrs Notman's at Home. Mrs Pay and Mrs Dudley were with her."
16	1900-01-19	Was at school in the morning Sat with Leta. Papa came home from Hamilton last night. Practiced in afternoon. Mamma made a very pretty cushion for parlor. Tapestry front and brown back. Papa brought us some candy at night. He bought three tickets for the Redpath Concert Co. that is to be here on Tuesday. Mr Read & Mr Macgregor are bringing them here. Wrote a letter to Aunt Allie
16	1900-01-20	"Took my music lesson. Took the 7th Etude (as I did not prectice it for this week as I had too many reviews) and Mendelssohn's ""Fruhlingslied"". It was raining when I went, and has been raining all day. Mrs Trusty came to iron through all the wet. Mamma is making another cushion. It is of peacock blue sateen covered with Battenburg. In my Harmony I had to work out from exercises in Open instead of Close Position."
17	1900-01-21	"Went to church in morning. Sermon was Phil. 3 & the 1st & second verses. Mrs Louis Meritt sat in our seat as theirs was filled. I finished the ""Choir Invisible"" this afternoon before Sunday School. Went to Sunday School Mrs Haun gave me a ""Golden Text Book"" for year 1900. Came home with Lizzie. Mr O'Loughlins mother is not expected to live. Did not go to church at night."
17	1900-01-22	"Did not got to school in the morning as I took ""Celery King"". Mamma went out collecting for ladies aid in the afternoon, and uptown after some silk for doily of chrysanthemums. I went uptown after some birdseed and cotton. Went to the office Mr Bunting and Mrs McGhie was in there Met Helen and she said she was coming over. The entertainmnet in Knox Church was repeated to-night. Mr O'Loughlin's mother died yesterday."
18	1900-01-23	"Went to school in the afternoon. Then papa mamma & I went to the Redpath Concert Co. The concert was fine. I never heard anything I liked as well. There were four singers 1 violinist and 1 pianist. Mme Meredith soprano Miss Clary, contralto. Dr Carl Dufft basso Mr Town, Tenor, Miss Von Fursch violinist and Miss Koler pianist all of them were encored twice and Mr Dufft three times. All the ladies got a beautiful boquet. The first part was L. Lehmann's ""In a Persian Garden""."
18	1900-01-24	"Went to school in the morning. Annie Gardiner was not there Mrs Dwyer and Beatrice called in the afternoon. Beatrice and Percy were at the concert but I did not see them. Beatrice thought it was not worth 75c last night. Well everybody did not think so or they would not have encored them as they did. Mamma finished her Buttenburg cushion. Hellen was coming over this afternoon, but she did not get here."
19	1900-01-25	"Went to school in afternoon, the Inspector was there, dear man, I did not try to answer questions. Mr Henderson lent Miss Dougan Miss Benson & I his umbrella as it was raining hard when we came out of school. Ella came over and brought ""Dolly Dialogues"" home. She borrowed our rat trap At night it snowed and blew phew! and I could not go to the Musical which I was very sorry for as it was Russian night & Miss Mc Farlane played. Papa brought some candy."
19	1900-01-26	"We burnt a lamp last night as the gasbills are so high. It is very nice to burn lamps. Did not go to school this morning as it was cold & blustry. 10 below zero. Mr Carman came over with a rat for Pansy to catch it, and the naught thing wouldn't as the rat bit him on the lip. Mamma Mrs Coy and Mattie went to Mrs C. Moore's card party in afternoon from 3 to 6 o'clock Mrs Dudley won first Miss Bate the second and Miss Kate Clark the third prize. The first was a tea cozey, 2nd an orange knife, the third a book."
20	1900-01-27	"Took my music lesson. Had to go to Eckhardts after a piece ""Pierrette"" by Chaminde Op 41 About tweleve o'clock two women called with a book they were trying to sell, and were more bother than their worth. Mamma & I went uptown. I took Mr Henderson's umbrella home. I bought three sponge taffy squares as I had 3 coppers. Mr Overholt came here. Papa went up to meet him and they did not get back until 2 o'clock"
20	1900-01-28	"Papa & Mr Overhold saw Charlie Gould. Did not go to church as it was after time when we got up from breakfast. About 12 o'clock Charlie & Mr Dean a friend of his came down. When they went to catch 2.45 train Mr Overhold went with them. Went to Sunday School The lesson was the ""Temptation of Jesus"" Did not go at night as mamma said she would go to sleep as was up so late last night."
21	1900-01-29	"Went to school in the morning but Miss Cloney had went home. I staid the hour and the girls had a high old time Called in at Mrs Pay's when I went as she wanted to know Mrs Notman's day. Mamma is working a chrysanthemum centerpiece. Mr Bunting came home with papa for tea and then they went to the Opera House to ""A Trip to Coontown."""
21	1900-01-30	"They had examination at school so I did not have to go. Mrs Killmer called on mamma in afternoon and brought back two books pappa lent them. I have been working some on a doily. Jerusha's Dow's Album was repeated last night in St. Barnabas Church. I got an invitation at noon Allie Coy is going to have an ""At Home"" Friday afternon from 4 to 6, Papa brought some buttercups and peppermints. DePachman the Russian painist played in Toronto last night."
22	1900-01-31	"Mrs Trusty is here. Did not go to school but went to library and got a book ""The Guinea Stamp"" by Annie S Swan. Mamma went to church, and they got $27. The Ladies Aid is doing all right. Mamma went to a musicale held at Mrs Larkin's for Red Cross fund. Winnie and Mattie sang, Louisa Groves & Mrs Marquis played and Mr Garry. Papoa went to lodge and the Citizens House supper."
22	1900-02-01	"Went to school in afternoon Annie Gardiner was there. She has not been there for a long while, She came to Queen street with me. I finished ""The Guinea Stamp"" last night I am a very swift reader. Mamma went out to call on Mrs Klotz. She went uptown and bought me a pair of gray kid gloves for to-morrow afternoon. Did my German for to-morrow at night. Have 30 and 31 pages of ""Das Kalte Herz""."
23	1900-02-02	"Was at school in morning Sat with Miss Hesiott. Had the German class in the Class Room. Mrs Pay was over in the afternoon Allie Coy had an ""At Home"" from 4 o'clock to 6. Mabel Smith was the only one ahead of me. Mollie, Hellen, Carrie Norris were there. Had very nice refreshment. Miss Ethel Dougan help them serve. I had to take my gloves off and play"
23	1900-02-03	"Took my music lesson ""Pierrette"" by Chaminade and the 11th Etude Op#40 Have to get Six Octave Studies by Czerny Op 553. A man came to the door peddling eggs. We got 4 1/2 doz eggs to-day. Mrs Trusty did not come til noon. Washed hankerchiefs and some little things. Went up to order those Octave Studies. Got some cake at Shelleys. Went in to see Lizzie, but she was not home. Nettie has left papa Judge Senkler died Yesterday in Winnipeg"
24	1900-02-04	"Did not do much all day. In the morning it was snowing hard, then about Sunday School time and night the same old thing so I staid at home all day which I did not like. Teased Pansy by tying meat on a string. Read some in ""Ben-Hur"" as I have forgotten it, read some in a ""Trip Through Europe and a Case of Identity"" by A Conan Doyle."
24	1900-02-05	"Went to school in the morning They got back their German examination papers so we did not have much of a lesson Stopped in mrs Pay's on my way home. They had first recived a picture of Mrs & Mr Pay of South Africa in their carriage and a Christmas card. Mamma & Mrs Pay called on Mrs Dudley, Mrs J Notman and Mrs G Armstrong Papa and mamma went to Pay's at night. Lizzie came down came about 2 min. after they left"
25	1900-02-06	"I got out of going to school to-day and it was a good thing as Miss Cloney was cranky Had fun with Dexter. Shovelled the snow off the verandeh, and the steps. Then threw snowballs at him. Leta came over to have me go with her uptown. It was after five when we went. Tait's have an imitation pipe organ in their window covered with silver sheen dress lining."
25	1900-02-07	"Went to school in morning Annie Gardiner was there. There was a little dog waiting outside the door for some one, but I did not let him in. Mamma went to the church. Auxiliary Day. There are to have the pound socail Friday night. Papa had to go over to the station to meet one of the big guns of the Lodge as they have a blowout to-night Dr Butler of Buffalo, and Mr Waterson of Brantford are here to attend it. Judge Senkler is to be buried in Brockville."
26	1900-02-08	"Went to school in afternoon Had to write on the board oh!!!! dear. Then after school I went to Eckhardt's, but they did not have what wanted. Miss McFarlane has been sick Mamma & I went to the Musical. It was held in Knox Church. Dr Smith gave a paper which was very dry. Mr Thompson played ""Introduction from Lohengrin by Wagner on the organ. I liked it the best."
26	1900-02-09	"Was at school. She made us write a lot of sentences from the translation. Went to Eckhardts agan, but got my Octave Studies this time. Miss Tucker was here trying to sell tickets for the recital they are getting up. Mamma went over to Carman's. Went to the church to a pound social in the basement. Miss Fisher of Thorold gave some very good recitations. Mr Burrell read. Beatrice played Ivy Southcott gave a metalophone solo."
27	1900-02-10	"Took my music lesson. I had to get a new book. 6 Poetic Tone Pictures Op 3 Grieg. Mamma went with Mrs Coy to Miss Emily Bate's mariage in St. Georges Church in the afternoon, and them uptown. I was over to Dudley's to see Leta but she was at the rink. Then I went to Dwyer's Beatrice and I went uptown and I stayed to tea. Mr, Mrs Dwyer, Beatrice & I played euchre from 8 o'clock till about 10."
27	1900-02-11	"Went to church in the morning Sermon Psalm XLIV. 2, 3. verses We had a service of Humiliation and Prayer on account of the war. Beatrice, Leslie and I went around to Notmans as I wanted to tell them we could not go to club on Tuesday so she changed it to Wednesday. I called in Pay's and told them. Went to Sunday School. Lesson Jesus and Nicodemus. Met Annie Lloyd as I was coming home and she came to the corner. Papa, mamma I were at Church at night. Sermon John III 9th verse. They sang Kipling's ""Recessional"" this morning."
28	1900-02-12	"Got out of going to school. Mamma went calling in the afternoon. She called on Mrs Sheahan and Mrs C Moore I went up to library Could not get anything I wanted. Got ""Modern Music"" by Hullah. Went to the office Papa has a new girl Mabel Hodge. She used to live in Miss Frasers room, when I was there. Miss Vandenburg's mother died Saturday night."
28	1900-02-13	"I went uptown before I went to school. To the office to tell papa not to forgot the towels as to-morrow is washday. Went to Eckhardt's afer ""Poetische Tonbilder"" got it. When I got to school it was 20 minutes to four so I did not go up. Staid there awhile with Allie Vanderburg Miss Tucker is having a muscial and literary concert in aid of the Red Cross fund to-night. Mamma and papa went to Dr Klotz at night"
29	1900-02-14	"Did not have to go to school to-day as they were examined in Latin and Euclid. The club met at Notman's to-night. At last! All the club were there except the McGhie's and Mrs Armstrongs and the two Miss Seymours were there Beatrice and I played some. Her piece was the ""Picaninny Shuffle"" Mrs Pay won the ladies prize and papa the gentleman's. Mrs Pays was a little hand painted jewel box and tray, and papa's a roller blotter with ebony handle and sterling trimmings."
29	1900-02-15	"Went to school in the afternoon Sat with Leta. I went by the stove when Miss Cloney told us to go to the board and she said she thought I would find it too hot which I was very glad of. Was to the postoffice to mail two letters for Phoebe. We waited and waited for papa to come gome for tea, but he did not come so Mr and Mrs Coy came over and we were playing the second game of euchre when he came sailing in. Mr Bunting gave him his supper."
30	1900-02-16	"Went to school in the morning and Miss Gardiner was really there with a nice cold. It is quite cold out. Kimberley has been relieved. Hurrah for the British, and bad luck to the Boers. Papa is invited out to-night to a stay party. It is Mr McGhie's birthday, and Mrs McGhie is getting up a surprise party for him."
30	1900-02-17	"Took my music lesson. Have the 4th & 1st ""Poetische Tonbilder"" and 13th Etude. Mr Read said Mrs Marquis and Miss Noriss have been having a fine time in New York. They heard Faust by Graw Co2 Carmen, Lohengrin and others. Mrs Trusty was here ironing this afternoon. Mamma and I went uptown in the afternoon. Got a cataloggue from Steeles' for Phoebe. Mr and Mrs Dwyer were over at night Leslie caught four muskrats to-day. Got our tickets for recital Tuesday night."
31	1900-02-18	"Went to church in the morning The Bishop is here and preached both morning and evening. Morning sermon was Rev 12. 7 verse. Was at Sunday School in afternoon. The lesson was ""The Woman of Samaria. We have to find out all we can about Sychan or Shechem for next Sunday Mamma & I went at night could not get papa to go. Sermon II. Corinthians 11 chapter 17 verse."
31	1900-02-19	"Went to school in morning. Had a review of the 8th, 9th and 10th chapters. It said in the Star to-night that the Bishop preached two of the best patriotic sermons ever heard in St. Catharines. They are going to have a concert in the church to-nihgt for the benefit of the Sunday School. Could not go as papa and mamma went over to Dwyer's Mr Dwyer wanted to see papa about some lodge busniess. The British are entering Dodrecht and killed lots of Boers."
32	1900-02-20	"Papa did not come home for dinner. Took dinner with Mr Bunting. Did not go to school. Mamma went calling Papa could not go with us to the recital to-night so mamma & I went. It was given in Masonic Hall under auspices of the Musical Circle. Proceeds in aid of Hospital. Miss Durno, pianist, and Miss McCallum reader. I liked the Tarantelle by Leschetizky Schumann's Allegro from Taschingschwank and Rhapsody No.12 by Liszt"
32	1900-02-21	"Papa went to Toronro to-day to Dental Convention which lasts to-day, to-morrow and Friday. Was at school in morning. Sat with Laura Newman. Mamma went to the church as it is the annual meeting of the Womans Auxilary. Shes has given up the Recording Secretaryship as she has had it ever since it was organized and is now on the Board of Management. It is reported Ladysmith has been relieved. Several Canadians have been killed and wounded."
33	1900-02-22	"Did not go out of the house all day Mamma made a fruit cake. I painted on a toy drum Mamma has got for the booby Monday. ""Something you can beat"" Papa went from Toronto to Buffalo to the Mason's banquet in honor of the Grand Master of New York. I wanted to go to the Musical but oh! my the weather so I played selections from Schubert & Bach & C as it was German night and and dreamt I was there."
33	1900-02-23	"Went to school. Annie Gardiner was there, and she asked me to go uptown with her so I did. We did not have to stay at school as Miss Cloney was not there. Mamma went out on a collecting trip. We lost our neighbors yesterday. Beatrice brought me a programme of the Musical this afternoon. Papa came home to-night and brought mamma a pair of rubber gloves and me two pieces. ""Salome"" by Wm. Loraine and Ben-Hur Waltzes by Charles Hoffman They are very pretty."
34	1900-02-24	Took my music lesson. The 2nd Poetic Tonepicture of Grieg and 14th Etude Shave Modulation of a Passage of Music for next day in Harmony. It has been raining nearly all day. I wrote a letter to Mamie. Mamma went uptown to get the prizes for Monday night and to Ridly College to see Miss Cleghorn about the auxiliary Mamma got a pack of cards for gentleman's prize and a cute cup and saucer for the ladies. Papa brought some peanuts home at night.
34	1900-02-25	"Went to church in the morning It was so cold in the church that Mr Perry would not preach the sermon he had prepared so he read an appeal for the Lenten season from our Bishop. Beatrice want me to come Queen St but when we got to the church door. and saw the snow. and heard the wind I didn't see the point. Read the Prince of the Home of David. I enjoyed it ver much, Papa is reading ""Ben-Hur"" Did not go to church at night"
35	1900-02-26	"It was very cold and I did not go to school. The Ladies Home Journal came to-day The club meets here to-night They were all here expect Armstrongs and McGhies. Mr Pay won the gentleman's prize Mrs Macgregor the ladies and Mrs Notman the booby As we were eating lunch the cannons started to go off and we thought Ladysmith was relieved some, Mr Macgregor is not going to clean his boots until it is relieved."
35	1900-02-27	"It was a false report about Ladysmith, but Cronje had surrendered. They had a partriotic concert in the opera House last night for Red Cross fund. Mamma went uptown in afternoon and I went afer to the Post office and library I sent for three pieces of 10 count musc from Denton Cottier & Daniels Buffalo. They were at the Spring by Liszt Two Larks by Lesschetizby, and Tannhauser March by Wager. I got the ""Heavenly Twins"" out of the Library. Mamma got a color cord (Corticelli) and the colors are grouped so harmoniously Phoebe got a letter from Jennie Tucker"
36	1900-02-28	"Last night the boys and men celebrated Cronje's surrender by bonfires, firecrackers and the band played on. They stole about $50 worth of boxes from McLarens and sent in a false alarm to get the firement out. Mamma went to church as it is the Ladies Club monthly meeting. There she staid to the first Lenten service. To-day is Ashwednesday. Phoebe got a picture of Edna Potters. It has been snowing nearly all day. Papa brought some peanuts home."
36	1900-03-01	When I awoke this morning the Meritton whistle was blowing pretty soon the Town bell went then St Georges Chruch chimes so I knew Ladysmith was relieved Hurah! It has been blowing and snowing Oh! how hard. It is the worst snowstorm we have had this year. Another day in the house. Mamma strained her wine to-day. I arranged the pictures in my room as I had got tired of them. I found a pretty picture yesterday in an old Montreal Star of the Madonna and Christ child so I put it up
37	1900-03-02	"The Ridley boys were out in full force yesterday with Kruger's dummy on a stretcher. Yesterday afternoon was a holiday and the people were wild. It was papa's birthday yesterday. They had a free concert in the Opera House last night by the band. Got my music I sent for on Tuesday and a catalogue besides. Tannhauser March and Two Larks are pretty, but the other one is hard."
37	1900-03-03	"Took my music lesson Cradle Song by Mendelssohn. Mr Read played an introduction and the first part of a cycle of Japanese songs. The introduction is very pretty and is founded upon the Japanese scale. Mrs Trusty is here. Mamma and I were uptown. Mamma got a waist for working in and me some print for a blouse waist. We saw Mrs Pay and she had just been in Dwyer's before she came uptown, and the thought old Mrs Dwyer was dying."
38	1900-03-04	"Was at church in the morning Sermon Phil 3. 13 & 14th verses Communion Sunday. In the afternoon it was snowing hard so I did not go to Sunday School. Mamma had a headache so we did not go at night. I read ""Titus"" over again. The chief character is Titus the son of the high priest Caiaphas, but he was stolen by a servant Prisea when he was young and her husband was a ruffian and Titus & the supposed father were the thieves hung on the cross at Christ's crucifixion"
38	1900-03-05	Started back to school after a week's rest. They got back their French papers. Called in Dwyer's to see how old Mrs Dwyer was. She is just about the same. Ella was over in the afternoon she brought my Mildred books & mousetrap back. Mrs Jeeves is sick and is to have an operation performed this afternoon at the hospital. I went to the church to the 5 o'clock service. Mr Perry spoke on the first chapter of Romans from 13 to 17 verses.
39	1900-03-06	"Old Mrs Dwyer died this morning and is to be buried Thursday in English Church burying ground at Port. It has been thawing nearly all day, and the walking is awful. Papa got water in over his overshoes Did not go to school. Wanted to go to the church, but walking was too bad."
39	1900-03-07	"The walks have frozen to-day and the walking is as bad as ever. Very rough. Miss Eva Vine fell on Queen St. in front of Thomson & Moores office and she was unconcious for 20 minutes. Did not go to school or church. Was over to Carman's in afternoon. Ella was showing me the darning needle work. Winnie was showing me some of her Christmas presents. She got a very nice picture with Mozart, Shubert, Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Wagner, & Haydn framed in it. She got a silver pudding dish with her stamp book."
40	1900-03-08	Mrs Dwyer was buried this afternoon Mamma and I went to church. We were late. We had Mr Miller as I suppose Mr Perry was at the funeral. Then we went to the Post Mamma sent for some samples from Simpson's. We really went to the Musical to-night. Mr Williams led it. Miss Macfarlane played a pretty Bercuse by Schytte and Mr Thompson and Miss Burson played Chaconne by Jadassohn I liked these the best. It was Scandinavian night.
40	1900-03-09	"Went to school. Annie was there. She went with me as far as the library. I got ""A House-Boat on the Styx"", by J. K. Bangs after so long as I have been trying to get it for nearly a year. Finished it to-night. We expected Dr and Mrs Klotz over to spend the evening, but they did not come. Mattie is going back in the choir and Frank too."
41	1900-03-10	Took my music lesson. Took the 17th Song and 15th Etude. Had to go to Eckhaardt's after March Op. 39. No 1. by Hollaender and Valse Serenade Op 71. by Godard. Met Percy and Beatrice as I was coming home. Mamma and I went uptown. Stopped in Mrs Pay's and she went with us. As we were comming home met Helen and I went back uptown with her. I took the Musical programme & a catalogue to Beatrice. D. M. Walkers had a bargain? sale.
41	1900-03-11	"Was at church in the morning. We had Mr Gardner of Port. He was preaching on the different missions they want us to contribute to next Sunday. The text was in Psalms the Lord is King. Went to Sunday School lesson ""The Paralytic healed."" Mamma, papa & I were to church at night. We had Mr Perry Sermon St John V. 39 & 40. Mr and Mrs Macgregor were down at night. Mollie Phelps was with Allie Coy to church in the morning. The sermon to night was God's appeal to the intellect."
42	1900-03-12	"Did not go to school in the morning Mamma went to Mrs Len Smiths to get a shirtwaist pattern and to Mrs Pay's to show her some samples we got from Murray's. I went to library and got ""But Men must work by Rusa N. Carey. Then I went to chunch. Mamma went to Mr Perry is speaking on prayer this week To-day it was about the women of Samaria asking Jesus where to pray at Jerusaleum & Samaria and He answers neither as God is a spirit and we must worship in spirit and truth."
42	1900-03-13	Mrs Jeeves died yesterday morning in the hospital. Papa brought Mr Bunting home to dinner. Did not go to school again Went over to Lee's and then to church. The subject for to-day was taken from Matt VI. & 6 verse. It was about praying to God in secret and He will rewarded us openly. The March Musicians came to-day Winnie came home with me I was introduced to Miss Lampman. Mrs Lovelace & Mrs McCordick called on mamma Lizzie was down at night.
43	1900-03-14	"Mrs Trusty was here this morning. Did not go to school. Mrs Jeeves was buried this afternoon. Papa went to the house. The coffin was a mass of flowers. Mrs L. Smith came over this afternoon, and cut out a new waist pattern. Mr Coy sent over some moose steak. First we ever had. Mr Coy is alone and he had a few friends in. Papa went over."
43	1900-03-15	"Guess I won't go to school any more. I went over to Lee's and I met Allie. She was going up to the millnery openings. Bobs is in Blonfontein and sleeping in Steyn's house. I went to see Mrs Dwyer and uptown. She came to church too. Mr Perry spoke on Matt VII. 7. Seek and ye shall find ask & receive, knock and it shall be opened. We got our goods from Murray & Co. for shirtwaists and mamma got enough goods at Tait's for one."
44	1900-03-16	In the afternoon I went uptwon. Called for Beatrice but she was out with Percy. Went to Eckhardt's Got my pieces to-day. Mr. Thomspon was in there. Went to Dunn's and bought a shamrock for to-morrow. He said they came from Ireland. Mr and Mrs Pay were over at night. They played euchre.
44	1900-03-17	"St. Patrick's Day. Took my music lesson. Mr Read asked me where my green was and told me to come home and put it on. Took the ""Marsch"" by Hollaender. The other was wrong and I had to take it back. I wanted the one by Benj. Godard and the one I got was by Ch. Godard and was not much good. Very cold. Mamma and I did the ironing as Mrs Trusty did not come."
45	1900-03-18	"Did not fo to church in the morning. It is warmer, but snowing nearly all the time. Those Evangelists Crossely and Hunter are in Toronto. I suppose the Methodisits will try to get them here as they were here a few years ago. Did not go to Sunday School but papa, mamma & I went to church at night. Sermon St. John XIV & 1 verse. It was God's appeal to the heart. Rained at night."
45	1900-03-19	"Very bright, and warm this morning. Finished the Harmony for next Saturday this morning. It is getting hard. Am at Part II. Suspensions. Papa said at noon that water was very cheap as it has been thawing and the rain last night. Intended going to library and church but it rained very hard."
46	1900-03-20	"My blue print waist Mrs Smith cut out is finished Papa and Mr Marquis went to the Falls this evening. I went to the library and got ""The Incidental Bishop"" by Grant Allen. Got the papers as papa did not come home and then went to church It was very smoky. Winnie came home with me. De Pachmann gave a piano recital in Buffalo last night."
46	1900-03-21	"Mamma went to church this afternoon. Ella came over in the afternoon. Her little bird is dead. I went to Greenwoods for Phoebe then went to church. Mr Perry spoke on St. John IV 63 & 68. It was smoky again. Mamma & I went uptown after to Miss Anderson's, Shelleys Keatings, and Greenwood's after the things as they have no boy."
47	1900-03-22	"Mamma went out collecting and then she went uptown and to church. She got my piece Valse Serenade Op 71 by Godard. We went to the Musical at night Mrs Marquis played the prettiest one Premiere Mazurka by Strelezki Allie played, but I did not like her piece. Got a letter from Mamie."
47	1900-03-23	"I started to read ""In Black & White by Kipling but it is very funny. I do not care much for it. Mrs Len Smith was over in the afternoon. Got the Ladies home Journal. I am reading ""The Parson's Butterfly"" in it. It is a nice story. I had to go over to Lee's before tea. Mrs Smith was with me. Laura brought us buttermilk. Mamma was down to see Maggie about making Aunt Allie a dress."
48	1900-03-24	"Took my music lesson. Took 16th Etude. I have to copy the Harmony from the full score to the open using the treble, alto, tenor, and bass clef's. In the afternoon Leta came after me and we were down to her aunts and then uptown. Mamma was uptown, and bought me goods for a shirtwaist red and white. Mrs Pay has been sick."
48	1900-03-25	"Went to church in the morning Sermon St. Matt IV. 1 verse. It is nice and warm this morning. Was at Sunday School. We have to find how long Christ's ministry lasted for next Sunday. To-night the sermon is to be ""God and the concience. Did not go, but papa and I went to the Queen St. Baptist. Mr Trotter preached. Exodus XII. 22 & 23 verses. Saw Beatrice as we were coming home."
49	1900-03-26	"Made marmalade. Papa and Sydney Bunting went to the Falls. Mamma and I went to the club at night It was at Armstrong's. There were only six of the club there and Mr & Mrs J. Jeffrey Dr Buchanan, Will Burleigh, Miss Harris, & Mr Creelman Mrs Jeffrey's brother. Saw the baby. Dr Buchanan came home with mamma & I"
49	1900-03-27	Mamma was out collecting in afternoon at Mrs Coy's Mrs Smith's Mrs Reynold's Mrs Pay is sick with grippe and he has been sick. Mrs Varley called on mamma. Papa and Sid went to the Falls again to-night. They me after Mr Herbert (Irrigation) Beatty. Sid came and staid here all night. They got home about 1 o'clock.
50	1900-03-28	They have Mr Beatty in Welland jail Sid was here for breakfast Mamma went to the Ladies Aid meeting and staid to church. I took a jar of marmalade over to Mrs Pay. She is better. Then I took Beatrice the Musical programme. Beatrice and I went up to Shelley's after cake and I staid to tea. Miss G. Chapman showed us the programme of the sacred concert to be held in Queen St. Baptist Church on Monday.
50	1900-03-29	"I sent 4 cents for some sample pictures from Beverly Mass. and I got them last night. Gen. Joubert commander of Boer forces died yesterday at Pretoria. They say Kruger is to take command. Went to church in afternoon. Mr Perry spoke on Matt 6 10 verses. ""They will be done in earth as it is in Heaven"". Miss V. Chapman gave me a programme for the Queen St. Baptist Sacred Concert Papa, mamma, & I intended going to Welland Ave. Church to hear a lecture on Boer War by Dr Livingstone but we didn't."
51	1900-03-30	"Carrie is seriously ill in Santa Barbara. Mr Gould started there on Wednesday. I sent for 26 picutes from Brown & Co. this morning. Went uptown when mamma was sweeping to the Post and Library. Got The Pursuit of the House Boat, by John K. Bangs. Laura brought the buttermilk. Mr Coy wanted papa to go to the Opera House to-night. The play is ""Zaza""."
51	1900-03-31	"Took my lesson. Took the 17th Etude ad Valse Serenade by Godard. Mrs Trusty came to iron. Mamma and I went uptown. It was premium day at stamp store. Got 10 stamped. Mamma got a new waist called coin spot at Tait's and I got two rings for a pulley belt, the newest belt. Saw Mr Armstrong in Walker & Abbs and he was asking me whether I had been having better luck than when I saw him last."
53	1900-04-03	"Mamma has my blue waist from Murray's nearly finished. I started over to Lee's and I met Mrs Haun and Mrs Keyes so I had to come back. I intended going to church Lillie Carroll was in. Papa and I went to the confirmation in the church to-night. There were 5 ministers beside the Bishop. Mayde and Grace Greenwood, and the 3 Miss Cougles were confirmed. The Bishop spoke on Gen 3.8 verse. He told about concience before a sin was committed pleading, and telling us to resist and after it was committed it rebukes."
53	1900-04-04	"I sent for some pictures on Friday from Beverly, Mass and they came to-day, but they sent them to the customs, and charged 5 cents Mamma went to the church to auxiliary. Then I went to the service. Mr. Perry spoke on 1 Peter 1.4 verse. The Bishop staid at Merritt's and conducted the Lenten service in St. George's Church yesterday afternoon. Papa brought the pictures home. They are very nice. There are a lot of them on the ""Life of Christ"". Dr & Mrs Klots were here in the evening. They played King Pedro"
54	1900-04-05	"I was over to Mrs Pay's in the afternoon to see how she was. She intends having the club on Monday evening. From there I went to Inksater's. Mamma ordered some cotton yesterday, but it did not come Then I went to church. Mr Perry spoke on the same verse as yesterday. ""An inheritance uncorruptible, undefiled and unfading"". He said God was the only person that was not corruptible, defiled or fading. Mamma, Phoebe & I sent for some seeds from Steele Bros. I ordered and elephants ear (variegated)."
54	1900-04-06	"Sweep day. In the afternoon I practiced. Papa brought home a magazine ""The Wide World, at night, There was one piece that told about the awful sufferings of a missionary in South Africa and it gave his picture. Papa went to a stag party Mr F. Southcott gave at night. Each had a carnation and a little Union Jack."
55	1900-04-07	"Took my music lesson. Mr Read heard some good news about me. Someone from the college said I was the best young player in Musical. He wants me to go to the closing, and after it start in Sept. to go and practice duos, quartettes & c. He gave me Basque Danse, one of his own. I went over to Leta's in afternoon. Mrs Dudley she and I went uptown. She got a new pair of shoes."
55	1900-04-08	"Went to church. The sermon was John 12. 19 verse. This is Palm Sunday. I put up some of the Brown pictures in my room when I got home. Went to Sunday School Lizzie came to meet me. Our lesson on the paper was ""Christ Crucified"". but Mrs Haun took the regular lesson Precepts and Promises. Papa and mamma went for a walk. Did not go to church at night."
56	1900-04-09	"Staid at home and practiced to-day as the club meets at Mrs Pay's to-night. Papa, mamma and I went. Notman's couldn't come so Mrs Pay got Percy and Beatrice to come. Armstrongs and Macgregor's were there Beatrice won the ladies prize a bottle of perfume. Mr Macgregor the gentleman's a knife and Mr Armstrong the booby a chocolate hen. Papa borrowed a book ""Farmer Ballads."
56	1900-04-10	"At noon papa brought home a box of seeds from Steele's My elephant's ear was in it The bulbs will come later Mamma got a letter from Aunt Allie she is not coming next week. We heard from Carrie she is much better. I went to Keatings to have one of my little pictures framed a head of Christ. Got 'A Kentucky Cardinal"" out of the library. Annie Lloyd came home with me as far as Lock II hill. They had a great time at school. They got up a petition not to go to school next two days everybody signed it and John caught them"
57	1900-04-11	"Mrs Trusty is sick so we had a Miss Freeman to wash. Early in the afternoon I went over to Dwyer's and asked Beatrice to go with me to Granite Hall to practice my piece We went, and I came home with her. Then she came home with me for tea. We played euchre, and beat all but one game Papa went to Thorold. Percy came after Beatrice. They leave some violets out, and they smell like spring. Raining hard."
57	1900-04-12	"Went over to Lee's in morning looks like rain. We were to have our ironing done but she had to go to S. Smith's to wash. Mamma and I went to Musical at night. Mrs Camp led to-night. Mrs Marquis was the only married person on the programme (nearly all Misses). Bella Kilner played ""Moment Musical"" by Scharwenka. The best one was a Rondo for two pianos by Chopin. Miss Paterson first piano and Mrs Marquis the second. I think I got through mine alright."
58	1900-04-13	Papa went to Port Colborne then if he had time he was going to Ridgeway. Miss Freeman came to iron in morning went to church. Lizzie saw me coming and met me. Mr Perry spoke on the first three sayings out of seven words on the cross. He intends speaking on other four to-night. Papa came home. He brought a picture of Hibbard's store in Ridgeway.
58	1900-04-14	"Took my music lesson. Have the 19th Etude and C# minor valse of Chopin. Mr Zimmerman brought our syrup, then after he came for dinner. We had an old man cleaning the yard. Mamma and I went uptown. She bought goods for me a suit and a shirt for herself. Intend having an Eton jacket. My suit is brown. Got ""What is Good Music"" out of library. The Musician came to-day. Went to Mrs Sullivan's."
59	1900-04-15	"Went to church in morning. They had a few flowers around the pulpit. The choir sang Awake Thou that Sleepest ""by Maker"" and Mr Kimberley sang. Sermon Rom 6. 4.5 Staid to Communion in morning. The Sunday School had a service in church. Papa & mamma were for a walk. We all went at night. Sermon Mark 16. 4.5. The anthumn was an excerpt from Dudley Burk's Canatata. Christ the Victor. Mattie Coy sang The Lord is Risen"" from Arthur Sullivan's ""Light of the World""."
59	1900-04-16	"The old man finished cleaning the yard to-day. Mrs Burrows was married to Mr Powell. She was married in St. Barnabas. Mrs Pay was over in the afternoon. She was in Toronto last week. She brought us some dried corn. The annual vestry meeting of our church was held to-night, Papa was going with Mr Coy but he wouldn't go. I took a ""Chase"" and did not feel well."
60	1900-04-17	"Looks like rain and very gloomy. I went calling Took Beatrice the musical programme. Percy sent for a skeleton calendar, and he got it. Went to see Miss Crawford. They were going out for tea so I did not stay long Mamma went collecting. When I got home Ella was there. Mamma came home, changed her skirt, and went uptown."
60	1900-04-18	"Very warm like summer. I went up to Tait's in morning before 9 o'oclock to change a pair of corsets. Papa and Mr Marquis went to Thorold. Mamma went to see Mr Ross, Mrs Trusty and then to the church. It started to rain hard in afternoon and after it stopped I went to Mrs Sullivan's. She will be ready on Monday. Enough to make anyone swear. Saw Helen. Went to papas as it started to pour. Got a wall flower they had rooted in water."
61	1900-04-19	"Mamma went collecting this afternoon, and I was to meet her uptown. Took a net doily to Winnie. I went to office and waited for mamma. We went to Anderson's Had two hats sent down. Papa mamma, and I went to the ""Little Minister"". at night. It was fine. The minister had a queer head. Babbie was pretty. Mr Ira A. Hards took the part of Gavin Dishart the minister and Adelaide Thurston Lady Babbie. Got some medicine from Cincinnati."
61	1900-04-20	"Went uptown in morning. Got some white ribbon for a tie and belt at Miss Anderson's Changed library book, got ""In Deacon's Order"" by Walter Besant Was talking to Lulu Riggins. Winnie and Ella were over at night, Winnie is going to start Monday night and is married next week. Papa had to go uptown. They had ""Faust"" in the Opera House to-night. I would like to have seen it. Picked out a hat. A brown trimmed with ivy, brown chiffon and pink silk."
62	1900-04-21	"Took my music lesson. Mr Read was not ready so Mrs Campbell gave me a book to read. Had to go to Eckhartt's after two pieces Romance Op 42. No 1 by Grunfeld and Valse Arabasque by Th. Lack. Lizzie came in when I was there, My eyeglasses broke. Had them fixed this afternoon. Mamma and I were uptown. Have our stamp book full got a silver pudding dish. Papa and Dr Kilner were out. Got a pike, mudeates & perch. Frank Overholt of South Africa is home."
62	1900-04-22	"Went to church in morning. We had Mr McGinnis and Mr Perry preached in Grantham and Virgil. Sermon Cor. 15 35. Very warm and spring like. Mamma, papa and I went down Ontario St for a walk. Took Dexter. Did not go to Sunday School Papa mamma & I went to church at night. Had Mr McGinnis again. Sermon Num. 13. 30. Lizzie kept mamma and I on the corner for about half an hour."
63	1900-04-23	"Our bulbs came from Steele's to-day a clematis agapanthus, & gay queen, chrysanthemums Ross was here cleaning shutters. I went uptown to Mrs Sullivan's. Saw Allie Coy. Got my little picture from Keatings of Christ. Got a book out of library Christ in Art. Mamma & I went over to Carman's to bid Winnie goodbye. Papa went to Falls."
63	1900-04-24	"Mr Ross was here washing the shuttlers. Mamma went out calling and collecting in afternoon. Men came to take storm windows out for first time and rode up Ontario, where I met Helen & Francis Dawson. Lizzie was down after some foxgloves. Mamma and papa went to Dwyer's Nobody home so they went to Coy's."
64	1900-04-25	"Mrs Trusty is here. Beatrice come over in afternoon to have me to go to Port, but I had to go to Mrs Sullivan's. Took library book back and got ""Dr Luttrell's First Patient"". Met Leta when I was coming home and went back uptown with her. Mamma was at church Ladies Aid. There are going to have a social a week from Tuesday. Each house has to bring a cup & saucer for admission. Mr Perry wants me to play."
64	1900-04-26	"Beatrice brought a waist home. Then she was going to the Hall to Practice. I went as far as James with her. Then to Mrs Sullivan's and to Eckhardt's Got Romanze Op 42 No 1 by A. Grunfeld The other will be here to-morrow. Mamma & I went to bush. Got a lot of addertongue snakeflower, & trilliums. Took Carman's some The Grange Hall bush is all cut down Mamma & I called for Beatrice & Percy. Mr Read was at the Musical and gave a paper on the ""National Characteristics in Music. They had a Sextette. Mr Thompson's pieces were the best. This is the last meeting."
65	1900-04-27	In the afternoon I went to Erkhardt's after Valse Arabesque by Lack. Then to Mrs Sullivan's. She had jacket done and skirt nearly done. As I was coming home Queen St. I saw Hattie and then we caught Mrs Pay as I was talking to Mrs Pay Mr Perry came past and asked me to play at church. Stella Smith is coming over to-morrow. Mrs Jones is very sick.
65	1900-04-28	"Took my music lesson. Mr Read was talking to me about the Musical. I have to play ""Au Matin"" at the church. He wants me to come to Demill next Thursday. I went uptown for mamma in afternoon then she and I went for a drive down Lake St. through Port. & to Ross' Mrs Sullivans & home. Papa went out to Lake St frog ponds. My suit came home to-night. Bought a thimble of Fred Smith."
66	1900-04-29	"Went to church in morning Sermon St. John II. 11 verse. It was about the first miracle of Christ the marriage in Cana of Galilee Beatrice and I went around by Pay's to see if Stella Smyth came. She didn't. Went to Sunday School in afternoon. Mamma and papa went for a drive. Mamma got some hepaticas on the bank of eighteen. White, blue, pink ones. Did not go to church. Had fresh mudeats & a pike for tea."
66	1900-04-30	"Took a book & bowl home to Mrs Pay's. Papa did not come home for dinner as Mr F. Overholdt was there. Mamma and I went to Mrs Sullivan's and I stopped at Riggins to see Lulu. Mamma and Mrs Pay went over to call on Mrs Hull. She was not home, down at Collins. Mrs Collins is not expected to live Mamma bought a Scarlet Pamela and Paul Neyson rose (pink.) Mrs Coy brought over a pink fall phlox and we gave her a white one."
67	1900-05-01	"Lizzie came in the morning to get a vine, but mamma had pulled it up. Last night she had a bone taken out of her nose. Mrs Mason, Hilda and Mr Wilfred were over. While she was here Mrs Horace Comfort & Mrs Dr. Sheahan called. Mamma went up to Mrs Sullivan's Mrs Pay got some samples from England to-day, and she called mamma to see them. Papa & mamma were over to Dwyer's at night Got a cortielli needlework book Paderewski played in Toronto this afternoon."
67	1900-05-02	Papa and mamma started about 8 o'clok for Mr S. Jones. Trout fishing. Dwyer's gave us a pint jar full of Jersy cream last night. I had to get dinner. Winnie Carman was married on Monday in Minneapolis to Rev. M. Simpson. Beatrice and Lulu were over at night. Lulu is going to-morrow night and I have to call for her about 7.20 Mrs C. Quackenbush formerly of Port was killed in Niagara Falls by a Lehigh valley train She was on her bicycle and tried to cross the track. Paderewski plays in Buffalo at Central Church to-night.
68	1900-05-03	I went over to Jones to inquire how Mrs Jones was and took her 3 trout. The men came and took down the stoves. Mamma went uptown bought enough pique for me a dress. Called for Lulu then went to Hendersons and met Daisy Ratcliffe. The programme opened with a piano quartette. Mr Read was Chairman and read the same paper as he read at Musical. Had eating afterwards.
68	1900-05-04	"We started housecleaning We expected Mrs Tish but she disappointed us. Mr Ross and Mr Lewis cleaned the carpets out of mamma's room, mine and Phoebes. Rode uptown to see McLaren's ""cheap"" ties and they were cheap. Got one at Tait's a white satin bow Papa got a new calendar from Bank of Commerce with map of South Africa on it. Mrs Adam Borrowman died last night."
69	1900-05-05	"Took my music lesson. Valse Arabesque by Lack Mr Read said that he had heard good & bad reports about me. A pupil of ""another teacher"" said there was no expression whatever in my playing oh! my. And another said I was one of the best if not the best junior in the Musical. Mr Read believes the latter as they are far the best judge of music I went uptown to library Got ""The Dean's Daughter"" by Gore. Stopped in Kellogg's to see Lizze about making a skirt."
69	1900-05-06	Went to chuch. They have the Easter Reports printed to-day. Sermon St. John 4. 3-3. Papa and mamma drove to the cemetery to pick out a lot from the new part that has been opened up. Lizzie was down in afternoon. She is going to Toronto to-morrow. Did not go to Sunday School Mamma & I went to church at night. Papa did not go as he felt sick. Sermon I Tim 4.-8. Mr & Mrs Pay come home with us but papa had gone to bed.
70	1900-05-07	"Started to clean dinning room and sitting room Mr. Ross & Mr Lewis cleaned the carpets. Tommy Tucker came over after 1.30 and staid till after four. Did not have the carpets put down to-day. They had a service of praise in Knox Church to-night. Gaul's sacred Cantata ""The Holy City"" is to be in our church next Thursday."
70	1900-05-08	"The gentlemen came and put down the carpets Mamma went up to Mrs Sullivans. I fixed my pulley belt Mamma Papa & I went to church at night. It rained hard both going and coming home. I played ""Au Matin"" and Miss L Phillips played and Miss Alice "" sang. Miss Jessie Adie and Marion Mc Geachie recited. They had refreshments Papa got an electric shock from street car."
71	1900-05-09	"The little wood stove smoked and blacked the spare bedroom ceiling. Mrs Trusty is here, washed & ironed. Gave her my black & green wool jacket. Went over to Meyer's after gingersnaps. In the paper to-night it gave the programme in the church. Very cold."
71	1900-05-10	"Mamma cleaned the spare room. I went over to Dwyer's in afternoon to see Beatrice. She is going to Galt & Winona to-morrow. And she was just going for a drive when came so I did not stay. When I came home Allie came over, which is a wonder as she has not been here since Fall. Mamma went to Mrs. Sullivan's and she was not ready. Papa brought a new magazine called Ainslee's Magazine Do not care much for it."
72	1900-05-11	"Had our first asparagus to-day. It came from Jeeves, Mamma cleared the little front room. I planted my nasturtium seeds this afternoon. So did mamma & Phoebe plant their seeds. Papa & Mamma intended going to Ridley College. Assault-at-Arms in Masonic Hall, but papa had to go to Lodge."
72	1900-05-12	"I took my lesson Romance by Grunfeld. Have triads for next day. Lizzie came down to try on Phoebe's skirt. She has an awful cold, mamma and I went to the Opera House to the Biograph (moving pictures) and Mr. C. Leroy Kenny explained them. I liked the pictures taken from the trains C. P. R. best. The scenery was beautiful. Shamrock Columbia Yacht Race was good. A lot of the views were of British soldiers Lizzie brought the skirt home."
73	1900-05-13	"Went to church in morning. Sermon Luke IV. 4 verse 3rd miracle. Went to Sunday School. Lizzie called for me. Mr Perry taught us as Mrs Haun was away Lesson Jesus at Pharisee's House Went for a walk with Lizzie Papa and mamma went for a drive Got quite a lot of flowers. Did not go to chuirch at night. Read ""The Dean's Daughter."""
73	1900-05-14	Cleaned the parlor. I dusted and whipped all the chairs. Mamma went to Mrs Sullivan's in afternoon. Very warm. Papa is taking a magazine called Collier's Weekly. The May Musicians came to-day. Has a Lecture of Paderewski in it. Papa went down to the canal shooting before tea then after tea he went to see a man catch some fish.
74	1900-05-15	"Mrs. Tish is here cleaning of all the stuff I ever saw us in papas room. Sorted it. The men have torn up the boulevard to-day and are laying a granolithic sidewalk very, very warm worse than yeserday. Had thunderstorms. In Hayne's Avenue Presbyterian church they had a servive of song ""The Battle of Life."""
74	1900-05-16	"About 3 o' clock this morning mamma came in my room and said ""If you want to see a big fire come & see it. And it was the Welland Vale bicycle & Axe factory. Papa went down and mamma & I waited until about 4 o'clock then went to bed. Finished the sidewalk to-day. I went uptown in afternoon called for Helen and Belle McClive, she & I walked to Black Bridge a Miss Clive from Brown's Nurseries staid here all night as she is having some work done and does not know anyone here. Lizzie was down."
75	1900-05-17	"Dr. Hunt from Hamilton came yesterday to do Miss Clive's bridgework. She went up to the office about 10. Mabel brought a little porcelain clock to hang on the wall. Phoebe and I went to McLaren's garden for carnations. Got pansies. Stopped in Mrs Pay's. Came from there with Ella. Mamma went to Mrs. Sullivans. Mamma & I went to chuirch to hear Gaul's ""Holy City."" Miss O'Connor of Buffalo was soprano, Mattie Coy contralto, Mr Kimberley tenor, & G. Waite bass."
75	1900-05-18	"Put our dahlias out yesterday. Mamma finished cleaning house to-day. Both of us went uptown. Bought enough blue & white striped goods for a sailor blouse. Got a little ribbon with a flag & ""Victory"" printed on it. Pinned it on. Mafeking is relieved, and the bells were ringing, whistles blowing, and giant firecrackers going off. Got 9 yds.[yards] of insertion for my white pique dress. Papa went uptown to celebrate Mamma got pulley bell rings."
76	1900-05-19	I took my lesson. Mr. Read had gone uptown after a paper to see about Mafeking 22nd Etude. Went up to Miss Anderson's and paid for the insertion. Went for a ride on the new cinder path as far as Dwyer's farm. Mamma & I went to Decew in afternoon. Got ferns & flowers. Saw two little lizards and got 9 snails. Papa went down to see the ruins from the fire.
76	1900-05-20	"Went to church in morning Sermom Mark I. 23 verse. When I was coming home Nellie Loyd told me to come in and wait and see the soldiers as they marched to First Prebyterian Church this morning. Went over in the Park. went to Sunday School Had Mrs. Keyes. The lesson was the ""Parable of the Sower"" Came home with Winnie Rolls. Was introduced to Miss Riddell Papa & Mamma went for a drive went to church at night sermon Mark VI 2 & 3 verse Mrr. Coy came over after church."
77	1900-05-21	"Went over to Carman's to see Ella about some flags she told me about. Mamma and I drove to woods after ferns. Got quite a lot of them. Ella came over at night to tell me about the flags. Gave her 20 cents for 3. Firebugs tried to burn Wilson's Lumber yard Saturday night, and last night they burnt their barn with some buggies and one horse."
77	1900-05-22	Practiced this morning as we are going out this afternoon Rode up to Inksater's and down to Lee's before we started out. Mamma & I went to Decew Falls fishing. Caught 2 large suckers. Mamma got enough dock for greens. Got enough fish for supper. Taylor took the old boards from our old sidewalk.
78	1900-05-23	"Empire Day. Mrs Trusty is here, I have 14 nasturtiums up. Mamma & I drove down to Trueman's for some geraniums. Got 1 salmon 1 red, 1 double white, & 1 double pink one. Went up to the office. Went to library, and got ""Wyndham's Daughter"" by Annie S. Swan. Papa and I went to Gilmore's and got our. stars on our wheels. Went for a little ride. Maggie Smith to see Pheobe. Ella was over Put out a flag."
78	1900-05-24	"Queens Birthday. Papa and I went up to grandpa's. Leta went up in morning Frank Beam, Miss Kilman, Miss Green of Buffalo & Mr Hathaway drove down from Ridgeway. They got the boat. Aunt Lillie has two little black cats, and they have 21 little pigs and a colt. Came home at 5.10. The cars were crowded both ways. When we stopped at Clifton coming home we saw Mr. Read and he was talking with us for 15 min. Lela & I sat together from Clifton home. She had teeth filled. Papa got some Roman Candles, firecrackers & pink light."
79	1900-05-25	"We expected Mrs. Jo. Overholt and Frank in to-day, but they couldn't get a horse. Mamma was out there yesterday. Planted eight little pots with two nasturtiums in each. Am going to start them for Aunt Lillie. Mamma went collecting, and uptown. She got a new waist. Papa wanted to see my teeth so I went up, but he had left the office. Mamma & Papa were over to Pay's at night. The Ladies Home Journal came to-day."
79	1900-05-26	I took my music lesson. 23rd Etude. Mrs. J. Overholt came in about 10:30 to see me as it was her only chance. I wanted to go out on my bicycle but they would not let me. Went up to Miss Sutherland's for a bonnet for Mrs. N. Overholt as mamma is going to take it out. Papa and mamma went out to Overholt's. Ella was over and we got 10 two cent stamps instead of our flags we sent to Eaton's for as the flags are all mounted. Went over to Mr. Laren's garden and over to Lee's with. Ella she gave me a lovely bunch of lilies of the valley. Mamma brought home a bag of russet apples.
80	1900-05-27	"Papa and I started at 10:30 for Queenston. We got there in time for dinner Had a blue pickerel. Had it at the monument House. There Papa and I went down to the railway, but the ticket agent was not there and we went after him. Went as far as Chippawa then when we came back we got off at Niagara Falls and went over to American Side through the park. Then when we came back we stopped at Brock's monument and I saw the forts. Had a fish supper. And started home 10 min after seven and got home at nine. Met Mr. F. Taylor & wife and Mr. Allen & his wife."
80	1900-05-28	Mamma & I drove up to Carroll's. Took Mrs. Carroll some lilacs. She is very miserable Lillie has gone to New York and Mrs. Kilmer is all alone. We drove up to office. I took my Chopin Mazurkas & Valses to have them bound together. Mamma & I were quite wet when we got home as it rained hard for a litte while.
81	1900-05-29	Mamma did some collecting then we went for a drive Went to Mrs. Sullivan's to see when she wanted me to try on my white pique Drove down Geneva and & out Russell Ave. Mamma had a caller when we were out Mrs. Robertson. Helen was over after me but I was not here Mr. & Mrs. Coy were over at night.
81	1900-05-30	"Was over to McLaren's garden this morning after asparagus & radishes. Mamma had to go to the monthly meeting of Ladies Aid. They got over $29.00 this month. Grace Kennedy brought their fifty cents over this morning. Rode up to library got ""The Castle Inn"" by Stanley J. Weyman. Mamma got some brown goods for a morning skirt. Frank Overholt was here for tea. Is to be here for a few days. Ella brought us some tuberoses & a spotted calla lily."
82	1900-05-31	"At breakfast we heard whistles blowing. Pretoria taken. Had to go over to Lee's and Helen came in and wanted me to go uptown and see what going on. Came home then went for Helen. Rode up to Bazaar and bought 3 flags. 30 cents. Helen & I called for Eloise Hamilton. Was not home saw her in the park. Rode down to Blk. [Black] Bridge & back to Goodman's Had a great time in the Park in afternoon. Mamma & I went up, but missed it. Stopped in Mrs Mason's, Frank & papa shot 56 frogs."
82	1900-06-01	"Last night about 10 o' clock we had an old drunken tramp after something to eat. Frank went home this morning. They had a report that Kruger was captured, but not time Mr. Rollinson is dead. The Bicycle works are going to Brantford. Mr Mason went Wednesday night. Got a letter from Miss Duval wanting me to take her hour to-morrow morning and she will take mine. We have had a fine rain since this morning. Papa brought the ""Wide World"" magazine for June to-day was over in Lee's in morning."
83	1900-06-02	"Took my lesson at 9 o'clock and Miss Duval asked me whether I would mind if she came at 8 next Saturday. Mrs Collins took after me. Took 24th Etude & Gb valse of Chopin's. Went up to office as my waltzes are being bound and I went up to Osborne's. Will be done on Monday afternoon. Was uptown. Met Leta and she came with me in Walker & Abbs, Wilson's & McLaren's garden. She bought some candy. Decoration Day. Veteran's went down to cemetery & decorated graves."
83	1900-06-03	"Went to church in morning. Sermon Acts II. 4 verse, Communion Sunday. Papa and Mr. Marcus were out for a walk. Papa found a little mudturtle and gave it to him for the baby. Papa went to Mr. Rollinson's funeral. Went to Sunday School, Mrs Keyes taught us. To-day is Whitsunday. We all went to church at night. St. John XII. 21 verse. Mr & Mrs Pay and Hattie came home with us."
84	1900-06-04	"Mr Halliday was here cutting grass and cabbage rosebuds too. I think he needs a pair of magnifying glasses. Mamma & I drove down to Trusty's with some things. Mrs Trusty left here. Saw Anne, Susie and the children. Then we drove out to lake and got some sand. Got dogwood in Martindales. Papa brought my Chopin book home. It suits but they did not put leather corners on it. Dr. Hunt is here for Mr. McLaren's case."
84	1900-06-05	Nice and warm to-day Practiced 3 hours. Pretoria is taken at last and the Mayor ordered the city buildings and post office illuminated. Mamma went uptown to order curtains for hall door and kitchen windows. Then I rode up to Mrs. Sullivan's to try my white dress tried on. She only had my skirt cut out. Papa had to go uptown at night to see Dr. Hunt. Dexter broke his collar when Emma Jeeves came in. Tommy asked us if we wanted a kitten. Then he went to see Ella.
85	1900-06-06	"The curtains for the hall & kitchen windows came this morning. The hall ones have lace on. I finished the ""Castle Inn."" A very good story of its kind but they can hardly say a word without swearing. Aunt Lillie and Uncle Horace came to-night after tea Papa & Uncle Horace took Rex up to Murphy's livery stable."
85	1900-06-07	Uncle Horace and Aunt Lillie went uptown shopping and did not get back until dinner. Then Aunt Lillie & mamma drove down to Waite's in the afternoon after tea Mrs Haun came down. Played some for her then we all went up to hear the first band concert of the season They played two new hymms from England.
86	1900-06-08	Aunt Lillie and I went uptown this morning. We went to the bazzaar and she bought two plays and I brought 1 doz. little ones for 10c. We got home after twelve and the horse came at 2 o'clock and they started. Saw Frank Ovenholt at the office. Mamma & I drove up to Mrs. Sullivan's. She was ready. Got a piece of red satin ribbon & black pulley belt rings for a red belt for my red waist. Old Mrs. Wand is dead 93 years old.
86	1900-06-09	Took my lesson at 9 o'clock. Saw Helen when I came home. Papa and mamma went frog - hunting down Lake and Niagara Sts. I was over to Dwyer's Beatrice is home. They have four cows. Mrs. Pay came while I was there and we went uptown together. Tried Shelley's. Foley's and Hetheington's after tart shells but could not get them. Mrs Dr. Leitch is dead. Papa got 35 frogs.
87	1900-06-10	"Was at church in the morning. Sermon Matt XXVII. 19 verse. Trinity Sunday. Went to Sunday School. Mrs. Haun was there. We had one lesson on our leaflets ""The Name of God"" Isa 6.1-8 and one in our books Death of John the Baptist Mark 6.14,29 and Mrs Haun took the latter for the lesson. Came home with Lizzie Papa & mamma were out for a drive. I went to church alone came home with Beatrice and Hattie."
87	1900-06-11	"Papa got a prescription for the hair filled to-day. Mrs. Overholt gave it to us. Mamma & I went for a drive down Martindale through Port and home There was all old woman sick by Woodruff's field. Mr P. J. Price is raising a subscription for an ambulance for St. Catharines, Thorold, Merritton & Port Dalhousie. Truned cooler to-night."
88	1900-06-12	"Went up to Mrs. Sullivan's this morning but she was not ready for me. Mamma & I went uptown after dinner and I bought a handkerchief tie at Tait's and mamma bought one at Mc. Laren's. Got No 3 John St"" out of library - Got some green currants at McLaren's for a pie. Mrs. Mason, Hilda, Wildrid and Mrs. Mason's sister were here in aftrernoon. Had strawberries for first time."
88	1900-06-13	"Was up in Mrs. Sullivan's again. She was ready. Went to see if Ella would go for a drive. Mamma & I drove uptown after two painted plates papa bought. Met Mrs. Sims - Ella & mamma drove out to lake. Got real cold then a warm wind sprang up in 3 min. Lizzie came down to see Phoebe about her waist Maud Rottineier was with her. Took Ella a bunch of syringas. ""Musicians"" for June came, Mrs. & Miss Borrowman called."
89	1900-06-14	Ella came over in morning and mamma showed her how to cut a waist by new pattern. Our white roses are out. At noon there was two circles around the sun and inside of the circles was a dark space. Maggie brought Pheobie's waist home after so long a time. Frank Overholt was here for tea. Had to go over to Lee's after butter. Band Concert.
89	1900-06-15	"Frank did not stay but rode home last night. Went uptown to Inksater's and Wilson's. Pretty warm riding. Mamma & papa went out for a drive after tea & I had to wash the dishes. My white pique dress and blue waist came home to-night. She did not do as mamma wanted her to, and my blue waist has the white front on the outside instead of inside of waist."
90	1900-06-16	"Took my music lesson. Have quite a bit for next week. Took 25th Mazurka, Etude. Miss Duval goes to Toronto next week Mr. Read said he wanted me in the winter to come over to Buffalo to play in a recital. Saw Helen & Beatrice. Was over to Carman's Mamma & I went over to the ""At Home"" on Ridley Cricket Field. Met Mrs. Archer. Christened my new dress. Papa went shooting frogs. he got 44."
90	1900-06-17	"Went to church in morning Sermon Matt. VIII. 2 & 3 verses. Lizzie came home with me I gave her some roses and walked as far as Pay's wit her. Mrs Pay called me in and gave me a dish of strawberries and cream. Just got home in time for dinner and had to hurry off to Sunday School. Lesson was ""The Feeding of Five Thousand"" and Lizzie & I went for a walk to Black Bridge after Sunday School. She wants me to take a class for her in August Papa & mamma went for a drive."
91	1900-06-18	Mamma & I drove to Decew Falls in afternoon. Stopped to get some wild strawberries that grow on a small hill in a field as you turn to go to Decew. They were dried up. Got a few. Then we got some more beyond the Falls. Got an invitation to Demill Commencement exercises next week. Lizzie was down to get Dr. Macfarlane's address for Maud Rottineier.
91	1900-06-19	"Mamma & I drove to Homer to get Nellie shod at Mr Wilson's. We went in the house. I played some for Mrs. Wilson. She showed us some nice photographs of different places Decew 12 Mile Creek & C. When we were coming home we were out to see her roses she gave me a beautiful pink one like a tearose, & a white moss & mamma a red & white moss. Mr. McGinnis is going to Japan and Mr. Maloney is coming in his place Nice Irish names Mamma had three callers when we were away."
92	1900-06-20	"Wash day. Mrs. Trusty has been sick and Dr. Jory tells her it is paralysis coming on. In the afternoon I practiced & worked at my Harmony until I did not know whether I was on my head or heels. Mamma went uptown, and to the church. She went to pay Mrs. Sullivans for my dress."
92	1900-06-21	"Mamma went to Toronto this to see Carrie and I have to be housekeeper. I got the dinner of cold meat, milk potatoes, tomatoes & strawberries. Finished John St. I do not care for it. In the afternoon I took it up to the office but Papa wanted to read it so I brought it home. I sent for 10 of the Brown pictures to illustrate the lesson if I wake those kids Lizzie wanted me to. Mamma came home about 9. Got a hammock & White House Cook Book."
93	1900-06-22	Carrie sent me a pampas grass plume. Last night was children's night in the park and the band played twosteps for them. They could make all the noise they liked if they kept quiet other nights. We canned strawberries to-day Got 15 boxes from Jeeves.
93	1900-06-23	Took my music lesson. Mr. Read played me a suite of Japanese songs of his. I have to take my lesson at 8 o'clock next Saturday. It is my last lesson. He kept me until 10:30. Walked uptown after stamps and a ball for Pansy. Then mamma & I went for a drive. To see about cherries Met Sid Bunting on Niagara St. Bridge Beatrice came over for me to go for a ride down cinderpath. Papa went frog shooting. Got 4 frogs. Mr. C. Riordon & Miss Amy Paterson were married in our church at 2:30pm.
94	1900-06-24	Went to church in morning Sermon Matt. III 8 Verse. Rev. Stamage Boyle read the lesson. Very warm. Went to Sunday School. Flower Sunday Mrs. Keyes helped take the Infant class upstairs & Mr. Perry asked me to help her. Got a lot of flowers. Mr McGinnis and Mr. Boyle spoke. Mr. Boyle preached in the evening. Did not go. Went to Pays and ate cherries Mr. & Mrs. Macgregor came after we were there.
94	1900-06-25	"Mamma went out collecting in afternoon. Very warm. In the evening papa caught the pigeons and Mr. Coy and he went to race course & shot them. Dr. Kilmer & Mr. Lovelace did not turn up. Della mamma & I went for a drive. They had an undergraduate Music & Elecution recital to-night at Demill, Did not go. Went home with Dell & over to Dwyer's, Bessie Read was there. Got 12 pictures from Brown & Co. Mr Painter gave papa four snapping turtle eggs on Saturday"
95	1900-06-26	They had a confirmation in Port last night. They had the closing excersises at Ridley this afternmoon. It was so warm that mamma would not go. Papa brought Wide World for July. Mamma & I went to Demill commencement Excercises. The graduates were Miss Laura Phillips in Piano and Miss Annie McCleary in Voice Very nice programme. Mr. Read was there. Mamma & I sneaked out of the drawing room & came home.
95	1900-06-27	Very warm yet. Had my hair washed and had to sit outdoors all morning did not get any practice in in the morning. Mamma went to church and uptown. Only got about $11. this month as half of the lists are not in Wilsons's lumber yard was set on fire about 10 o'clock this morning. They had a supper at the lodge to-night.
96	1900-06-28	"Very Warm to-day. 100o yesterday. Mamma washed her hair. Practiced 1 1/2 hours in morning & 1 1/2 hours in afternoon. Ms. Ernest Groff & Miss Mabel Skinner were married in our church at 8:30 am Miss Lane & Miss Phillips were in Buffalo to play at a recital of Mr. Read's Papa & mamma were for a drive. Mamma got ""The Silver Cross"" by S. R. Keightley Read some of it to-day."
96	1900-06-29	Beatrice came after me this morning to go with her to St. Paul St. Church to practice as she did not like to go alone. She is going to supply for Miss Vanderburgh. Went to McLaren's after and then she treated me in Jean's to an ice cream soda. Practiced in afternoon. Then went up to Mc.Laren's after 2 puff ties for a quarter. Lizzie was down to see Phoebe at night.
97	1900-06-30	"Took my last music lesson before the holidays. Miss Scott took her lesson after me. Had to go to Eckhardts. Miss McCaul is in Miss Macfarlane's place. Had to get ""Fantasiestuck Op 7."" by. C. Reinecke, and Valse Chromatique Op 88, by Godard to practice during holidays. Papa & Frank Overholt went to Dunnville this afternoon. Mamma & I drove out to the bush after moss. Lizzie was down."
97	1900-07-01	"Mamma & I went to church in morning. Lesson Matt IX 2 verse. Healing of Paralytic Staid to Communion. Came home with Mrs Coy and Mattie. Made some ice- cream. Lizzie came after me to go to Sunday School. Lesson ""Christ walking on the Sea."" Mamma & I went for a drive out middle road Found some mulberries and wild red raspberries. Mr & Mrs. Pay came over to eat ice cream at night."
98	1900-07-02	"Holiday for Dominion day Stuck out my sixteen flags. Sounds big, but twelve are little ones I watered the road in front. A large crowds came over on the boat Mamma & I went for a drive. Got some daiseies near Mr. Carman's farm. Had some chocolate drops and taffy I got on Saturday."
98	1900-07-03	"Papa and Frank Overholt came home. Stayed in Hamilton last night. Mrs. Overholt, and the boys start in Bay City this morning. Very warmn. Makes you tired Lizzie came down. Roy Read brought our black cherries to-night. They have a festival in St. Johns church in Port to-night. He was going to it."
99	1900-07-04	"Canned my black cherries this morning. I feel horrible to-day. The fourth of July. Hardley practiced a bit. Had a bad thunderstorm in the afternoon. Papa, Mr. Coy & Mr Fred Southcott went out to lake to see about the boat. Beatrice stopped as she was coming home from the farm. Very hot, but we got some rain which we needed very much."
99	1900-07-05	"The lightning struck the Standard office yesterday aternoon. We got our two baskets of red cherries this morning Did not get through pitting them until after two o'clock. There was quite a number of accidents in Yankee land yesterday. A colored boy shot a revolver among some fireworks outside of a store in Philadelphia, and killed seven children he among them. The band concert. They played ""Parson Ringtails' cakewalk. We could not hear it."
100	1900-07-06	Very warm. It has been the worst day this year. All the foreigners are supposed to have been killed in Pekin. I am kniting a wash cloth. Did not stir much. We are to have a memorial service in our church Sunday for R. Irwin who died in South Africa July 1. He was of first contingent. Mrs. Carman & Ella were over to see the rambler.
100	1900-07-07	"Went to market after peas, and to Eckhardt's after my music. Got Godard's ""Valse Chormatique"", but not the other. Was at Wilsons. Had a large excursion in the Park for Toronto. The Dominion Radiator Co. They had a baseball match between Park nine & themselves. Had the Grenadier Band. Papa & mamma went frog-shooting. The Buffalo Tennis Club played a match with ours this afternoon."
101	1900-07-08	"Papa & I went to church in the morning. They had a memorial service for R. Irwin who died July 1st. All the soldiers and veterans were out. I took our seat. Sermon Ecclesiastes XII. 13&14 verses. Did not go to Sunday School or church at night. Walter Dr. Moulin the Bishop's son preached in the church at night. Mr. McSloy & Frank Overholt were here at night. I have been reading ""Prince of House of David"" over again."
101	1900-07-09	Very chilly and damp to-day. Practiced 2 hours to-day as it was cool. They intended having the electric cars running to Falls to-day but the President Mr. Powers was out of the city. Had an excursion in the Park to-day. Very nice day for once. Mr & Mrs. Dwyer were over in the evenening. Papa & mamma were hunting dew worms this evening.
102	1900-07-10	"Was over to Mc.Laren's after beans, then came home and went to Greenwood's for Phoebe and to library. Got ""The Throne of David"" by Ingraham. This afternoon I dressed up and went over to Allies. But she was at Sunday School picnic then I went to see Bessie Read Had two Sunday School excursions from Toronto in the park to-day. Papa & mamma drove to the cemetary."
102	1900-07-11	Was over to Carman's in the forenoon to ask Ella to go to Decew Falls with us this afternoon. But when afternoon came it looked so rainy that we couldn't go. But we went for a drive around the streets. Had a thunderstorm and a very high wind. Knox Church had their picnic at McCalla's Grove and St. Paul & Niagara Sts. had theirs to Grimsby.
103	1900-07-12	Thought of going to Decew again but it looked like rain. Mamma & I got ready and went uptown Went to Eckhart's but my book has not come yet. Saw Lillie Carroll. They got soaked at the picnic yesterday. Had a large excursion to day: Lizzie was down about 6 o'clock Jennie Jeeves was married in Tonawanda at 8 p.m. to Mr Charles World. Mollie Phelps and Allie Coy had a wheeling party. Papa went to boat to meet Frank Overholt.
103	1900-07-13	"Band night (children) last night in the Park. Was uptown in the morning to Inksatis & McLarens garden. Saw Ella to tell her to get ready for Decew Falls to-day. Mamma, Ella & I went. Did not get many fish Brought five home alive in the minnow pail. Miss Francis & four other girls were out with Mr Webb to Decew. Papa went down to the boat at night to meet Frank."
104	1900-07-14	"Mr Overholt and Mr Birdsall of Hamilton came down, and papa hired a rig and Mr Overholt, Mr Birdsall Frank Overholt & papa went out plover shooting. Mamma & I went uptwon in the afternoon. Met Mrs Pay, I got my ""Fantasiestcke"" at last. Met Mrs Pay at Lu's and we went home with her. Moore did not sent some ham & berries down & I had to go up on my wheel"
104	1900-07-15	"Very warm. 90 in the shade. Got dressed for church, and it was late when we got through breakfast so I did not go. The three men drove out to Overholt's in the afternoon. Did not got to Sunday School or Church at night. Were bad to-day Rained very hard about 3 o'clock. Had pineapple ice cream to-day. Mr Birdsall does not like bugs and I found a snapping bug and I put its head towards him & it crawled up his sleeve he heard"
105	1900-07-16	"it ""shnappin"" as he said Mr Overholt & Mr Birdsall left this morning. Then papa left for Stoney Lake on the Lakeside for a fishing trip. Frank is going with him. I went up to the post, but did not get anything. Roy brought the paper & letters down. Mamie Utter & Janie Stuart are coming Friday and I had to take a letter to her up to the post. Mr Painter brought me some fish for my aquarium."
105	1900-07-17	"Very warm. The exams ended yesterday. I have been reading ""Throne of David"" nearly all day. Practiced. Mamma went over to Lee's as it looked like rain. Did rain some. Mabel brought the towels and papers after tea Agnes St. Methodist Church of Toronto were in the park to-day"
106	1900-07-18	"A day of picnics. Ours went to Grimsby, Welland Ave. Church to McCalla's, St. Barnabas to Queenston, & St James Merritton to Port Colborne. I went uptown stopped for Mr Pay's keys. Was to Dudley's. Leta had gone to picnic. Going with Allie Vanderburgh to Queen St, The keys did not fit. Annie Lloyd went to McLaren's with me. A large Sons of England picnic in the park."
106	1900-07-19	"Rode up to Smith's for meat, He has quit giving trading stamps. I hope I do not lose my book. Mamma went collecting in afternoon. She was at Woods to see if they wanted to try trading stamps but they had all they wanted as they quit giving out 1st August. I went over to Leta's in the afternoon. And when I came away she went with me to Allie's as I wanted to get the address of ""The Etude"". Mamma and I went for a drive at night. ""The Musician"" came to-night. The Welland Vale & Kinleith Paper Co. bylaw passed."
107	1900-07-20	"Leta is going to Toronto to-day. I had to go uptown in the morning. Got 1/2 yd. of velvet ribbon for my hair at Anderson's. It rained very hard last night. Finished ""Throne of David."" I enjoyed it, and think I will get ""The Pillar of Fire"" as I have read the two other ones. Marrie & Janie Stuart came this afternoon Lizzie & Miss Toll were down at night Lizzie wants me to take her class Sunday. I have consented, but oh! my."
107	1900-07-21	"I had to go uptown in morning for meat. Got a hind quarter of lamb $1.40. Oh my. I mailed some letters for Mamie. Went on market to see Mrs Woodruff about berries. Mamma, Jean & Mamie drove out to Decew in the afternoon. I rode up to library. Got the ""Pillar of Fire"" Saw Bessie Read & Lulu. Got the papers."
108	1900-07-22	"I went to Church in the morning. Sermon on I Samuel XII 2 & 3 verses. The girls would not go. Then I went to Sunday School and took that awful class. The lesson ""Christ's Rebuke & Peter's Confession"", They would not pay any attention to me. The Salvation Army people had a great time in the park. The people went for a drive down through Port."
108	1900-07-23	"Staid around home nearly all day. Roy was down in the morning to find papa's address there he brought the papers at night. Had two meals, then the girls and mamma went for a drive to the cemetary and I rode down they went to Mrs Woodruff's after, and got the raspberries and some apples Papa sent a box of fish. Will not be home until Wednesday night."
109	1900-07-24	"I went collecting for Mamma. Was to Mrs Reynolds, Coy's and Mrs Smith's. Got the money at every place Was at Mrs Smith's quite a while. Then went up to Wilson's. They drove out to Overholt's with three large bass, Lizzie was down, and Ella brought us a lovely bunch of sweet peas. Got ""Ladie's Home Journal for August. Has a sweet story ""The Story of a Song."" Schubert's love story"
109	1900-07-25	"I had to take the money to the church to-day. There was only Mrs Chatfield, Mr Perry & Mrs Wyatt there. I was asked by Mr Perry ""if I was general collector for this month"". Waited for the names. Got some fancy biscuits at Lee's. Papa & Mr Overholt came home to-night. Papa brought me some porcupine quills, two hawks feet & a porcupine's foot. He drove Mr Overholt home."
110	1900-07-26	"Fixed ourselves all up fancy, and went uptown in afternoon. We all were treated at Jean's to icecream by mamma. Went in the stamp store. Got a watermelon & some banana Papa took a fish over to Coy's then we went up to the band concert. They played a pretty medley with national airs woven in."
110	1900-07-27	"Mame & Janie went home this morning on 10.33 train They reach Detroit to-morrow afternoon. Copied the Sunday School lessons for next 2 Sundays. Mr Groome is dead. Mamma & I went for a drive. Took Lizzie's Sunday School papers home then drove out Martindale way lake road to Wilson's and I down the pretty little road. Got some long blackberries The ""Success"" & Collier's Weekly came to-night."
111	1900-07-28	Rode over to McLaren's after potatoes & tomatoes. First of the season. Momma & I did up seven quarts of huckle- berries. Papa sent one doz. tomatoes and two bottles of Heinz's India Relish. Good. Mamma & I went to Wood's in afternoon after a pair of slippers for me. Got a pair of Krippendorf's of Cincinnati Papa & Mamma went fishing. Mr McIntosh was here to see about a trellis for the trumpet-vine.
111	1900-07-29	"Went to church in the morning. Sermon about Saul performing the sacrifice instead of waiting for Samuel. I have forgotten the passage, but it was in Samuel. Then I went to Sunday School. The lesson was ""The Transfiguration"" Had Mrs Chatfield. Miss Francis has taken Lizzie's class for August. Mr Perry wanted to know whether I would take it, but Lizzie told him I had enough of it. Pappa, Mamma & I went to church at night. Sermon 2 Cor. 12.-10. It was raining hard when we came out. So we waited & Papa went home for wraps."
112	1900-07-30	"Annie Trusty was here to tell us her mother will come to-morrow instead of Wednesday. She is very anxious about those stamps so in the afternoon I went over to Durnin's after soap & sugar then up to the stamps store to see if they were going to stop taking books after Aug first. They are, Leta, Grace Woods & Nell Lloyd were down at night. Leta wants me to go to a wheeling party tomorrow night."
112	1900-07-31	"Mrs Trusty washed. Wood Bros. are giving triple stamps to-day. If I had only waited to get my slippers, but I was not fooled as I needed a pair of rubbers. Got 18 stamps. Went to Dudley's to tell her I couldn't go to the wheeling party, but I would come about 9 to the house. Nellie Lloyd called for me. They rode to Homer. Did not get back until after 9. Had ice-cream & cake. Mr Reed came home with me. The King of Italy (Humbert) has been assassinated The Queen's son Duke of Saxe-Coburg Gotha is dead."
113	1900-08-01	"This afternoon I dressed & went to Mrs Pay to see if she would go for a drive. Stella is there. She & Beatrice rode to Niagara this afternoon. Mamma & Mrs Pay went for a drive. Papa went uptown at night to see Dr Kilmer, Beatrice gave Mrs Pay 146 stamps & Mrs Ward 125 as she could not sell them. Papa bought some apricots to-day."
113	1900-08-02	Looked like rain. Mamma & I went for a drive to Mrs Woodruff's. We will get our long blackberries. Tuesday I got a piece of butterfly weed near Woodruff's. Papa went to lodge at night and I went with him as far as Pay's to see Stella. Had not been there a minute when Beatrice & Percy came after her to go to the park. We went. It was a fine programme. They played Kiplings Recessional. Jolly Fellows & new twostep Kinky Kink. Mr Peel was there.
114	1900-08-03	"Mamma has a sore side to-day. I went uptown. Took library book back and got ""Opening of a Chestnut Burr"" Bought two twin down collars at Tait's. Got a box of long berries. I got a letter from Bessie Cowie yesterday. She will be at her grandma to-morrow. Put my aquarium up on the verandah so we could see them better."
114	1900-08-04	Papa & Frank Overholt are going to 16 this afternoon to stay till Monday. Mamma drove Papa out. I was uptown in afternoon. I tried on my new collar and I have to take it back it is so large. Stopped in Mrs Pay's Ida & Stella are going to Buffalo on 5:20 car. I took my stamp book up for 10 premiums. Louise Borrowman stopped & borrowed our pump. Annie McEdward & Belle McClive were with her. Rode up to Kanes after tea for a box of berries.
115	1900-08-05	"Went to church in morning. Sermon I Samuel XII. 6 verse. Very warm. Then I went to Sunday School. We got nicely settled in the Bible class room when Mr Perry came after a teacher and asked if Miss Winnie would take it to oblige him so. Miss Winnie took it. It was Beatrice's class. 9 were there. I got along all right. Lession Christ & the children Matt XVIII 1-14. I finished ""Opening of Chestnut Burr"" to-night. Do not go to Church."
115	1900-08-06	"Mr Halliday was here & said ""I did not see you at church last night but I suppose you would have been there if it had rained: Civic Holiday. 90 oh! it is so warm. Mamma & I drove down to Mrs Woodruff's after berries. Then she drove out to the sixteen after Papa. He brought two nice fish a channel cat & a bass. Mr Keyes & Roy were out there."
116	1900-08-07	"Very, very warm. 96 in the shade. Did not do much of anything. Started another washrag. Have had my waist turned in at the neck it was so warm. Went over to Lee's about 5 after lemons. Mamma got a letter from Mame & Phoebe some papers."
116	1900-08-08	"About 10 o'clock who marched in but Bessie, and she wanted me to drive home with her. She had taken her cousin to the trolley & she had her grandmother Cowie's horse I went with her. We staid at Cowie's for a while & I had refreshments. Then we started our walk in the awful hot sun got to Overholts about 12 o'clock. Saw some scorpions centipedes, tarantulas, lizards & a snake Frank brought from Africa also some snapshots. He entertained us with the graphophone. Mamma came after me when we came home Mr & Mrs Pay were there."
117	1900-08-09	Mr McTavish's son & a Mr Smith were drowned in Malpas' pond yesterday about 5 o'clock Mamma went uptown in the afternoon. She got double trading stamps at Tait's & I only need 24 more to fill my book. Got a new pair of summer corsets. I was over to Carman's in the afternoon. Mrs Coy was over at night. Got some more medicine from Cincinnati. Got a basket of harvest apples
117	1900-08-10	Had an old tramp here for dinner Had a fine buckleberry pie. Very warm yet. The Band did not play last night. Mr Peel has been asked rates for the Pan- American Very warm yet. At night I went over to Lee's after Butter Saw Mrs Pay. Ida and Stella are in the country to-day and leave for Toronto to-morrow. Pa got a pair of white trousers.
118	1900-08-11	"Still a roaster. The two boys that were drowned on Wednesday were buried yesterday in one grave. Beatrice has to play in St. Paul St. Church to-morrow as Miss Vanderburgh is away Got the ""Parish & Home"" to-night, and Mr & Mrs Perry have gone visiting to Georgian Bay Rained a little in the afternoon."
118	1900-08-12	"Much cooler. Too much of a change. Did not go to Church in the morning or evening but went to Sunday School Mrs Haun is back and we are all glad. They had a young man this morning, and next Sunday I think Mr Weaver of Beamsville, then Mr Miller The lesson was Matt XVIII 21-36 Papa & mamma started for a drive but it rained. Dr Comfort came back with Papa then when it cleared they started again. Tommy paid us a visit to-night"
119	1900-08-13	Very damp and cool out to-day. I made some maple cream with hickory nuts in to-night. Mamma went over to Carman's to have Ella show her how to do darning needle work. Had two students in church last night. Papa paid me $2.00. Pansy caught a mouse in paper basket
119	1900-08-14	Mamma went to Welland House to call on Dr Abbott's sister. I dressed and went down to Miss Crawford's but nobody was home. Called in Dwyer's and Beatrice was not home. Mrs Dwyer thought she had gone to St David's for tea. Mabel came after the towels and brought a little Skye terrier pup Looks like rain again to-night. Kid's night in the park but I do not think the band played.
120	1900-08-15	"Had to go uptown in the morning after cake and ham for to-night. Sent for 5 large pictures & a cover from Brown & Co. Then in the afternoon I had to go at 1:30 with papa to the office. Had my teeth filled Took library book back I got ""A Ministering Angel"" by Clayton. Dr Abbott & Mrs Tulley his sister were here for tea. After tea Mr & Mrs Coy came over. Had ice-cream. Had barn floor fixed."
120	1900-08-16	Papa took Nelly up to Murphy's livery for a few days This afternoon she was hitched with another horse Dr Abbott drove down & then we called for Mrs Coy and took her for a drive. We drove to Decew Fall. Got out to see the first falls. The Bicycle Bylaw passed yesterday but the Basket factory did not Leta was over in the afternoon. The band played to-night. Mr McIntosh came to see about shingling the house.
121	1900-08-17	"In the afternnon Dr Abbott drove down for Mamma & I. Mrs Klotz was going, but sent word. We drove out Martindale way, past Overholts down Pollywog road through Port and home. Papa & Mamma went to Dr Klotz' at night Dr Abbott & Mrs Tulley were there. Tried to get butter at Lee's & Dummin's, but failed."
121	1900-08-18	Had a nice rain this afternoon Butter was 28 a lb. Dr Abbott & his brother from London drove down & papa was going with them fishing but so much rain afraid of a ducking. Turned out bright and clear. Poor men got their fishing and drive. Mamma & I were uptown in afternoon. Bought a silver heart with a maple leaf in it. The only thing that worried me was the 30 I paid for it Leta passed.
122	1900-08-19	"Papa, mamma & I drove up to the Welland House & called for Dr Abbott and Mrs Tulley Nellie fell down. Went to Queenston and had our dinner at the Monument House. I had a pretty jack on & I gave it to Dr Abbott. Papa & I went on the trolley to Chippawa and Uncle Horace met us Constance was at Black Creek"
122	1900-08-20	"Rained all morning. Papa went home on the 7.30 train. Constance & I looked at pictures. Then it cleared off in the afternoon, and we ate apples and fished. Then I amused them by playing at night. Grandpa and Mr Henderson caught 7 catfish and a bass"
123	1900-08-21	Constance and I went fishing on the bridge. She caught four sunfish and I caught one. Then we came home and changed the water on her mudturtle. Grandma and Aunt Lillie are making elderberry jelly Annie Beam was helping Aunt Lillie. Lillie Beam came up to have Aunt Lillie do some shopping for her in Toronto. Mr Henderson took Constance & I for a row on the river.
123	1900-08-22	"Wrote a letter to mamma then went to-get ready for Ridgeway. Grandpa, Constance & I drove up. After we had been there for a while Aunt Allie took us to Murray Hibbard's and we went back to Cutler's and we went to Murray's for dinner Saw Milton, Uncle Henry. Came home about 3 o'clock. Aunt Lillie, Uncle Horace & Constance went over to Toronto. Stella & Mrs Woolnough were down at night. Mr Henderson went home early in the morning. Saw the train come in & Mrs Jenks Mildred & Lillie came home with me."
124	1900-08-23	"Practices some to-day. Got some snails and water- lily roots for my aquarium Albion Waite, Mrs Waite, kid and Mr Waite's sister were here for dinner. Went to see Lillie Beam & Leorena Jenks Met Miss Dainty, Miss Hutt, Miss Boother and Miss Marbourgh Saw the train come in at 5.40 Leorena came down to have me drive to Stevensville with her. She took the washwoman home Saw the searchlight from the falls."
124	1900-08-24	Gloomy again this morning Grandpa caught me two mudturtles. Read some & played with the kitten. Waites are here yet Got two more water lily roots. Lillie Beam came to see me in the afternoon. Came home on the 5.10. Had company. Jessie Adie was coming home from Buffalo. Mamma met me at Clifton. Had my first ride on the new trolley. Met Beatrice Papa is not well
125	1900-08-25	"Got my mudturtles ready. Put them in the tin tub after dinner mamma saw a water lily root on the ground, and here Dexter had taken my mudturtles out and the lilies Did not find them. Dr Abbott was down in the afternoon I had to go over to Carmans after papa. Saw Sam Carman Mrs Carman has been away Rev McKerr's son was buried this afternoon."
125	1900-08-26	"Did not go to church as it was too warm. Tried to find some pictures for a small frame, but couldn't. Dr Abbott & Mrs Tulley were down in the afternoon and Dr and papa went to the sixteen. They brought a basket of apples down with them. Then they went back to the hotel and came down again after supper. The band has not given a sacred concert this year."
126	1900-08-27	Tommy was over. Mamma & Mrs Tulley went for a drive I sent for some minature pictures of musicians & C from Brown's. Was over to Dudley's. Ida Woods was there. Nellie Lloyd went up to the post with me. I got the mail for Mrs Pay. Dr Overholt of Hamilton was here for tea
126	1900-08-28	"Eva Tucker was over nearly all morning; and I couldn't get much practicing done Nellie has a lame foot, Mamma and I drove up to the office and I took the towels up, and he brought down the small medicine cabinet. Then we drove out to Overholt's. Bessie was over to Grandma Cowie's. Did not see her. Got some sweet apples. Dr Abbott and his sister were down at night. Played for them."
127	1900-08-29	Practiced in the morning as we are going uptown in the afternoon. Mrs Trusty was here. Mamma took Mrs Tulley a bunch of flowers and her lace pattern back. Staid awhile at the hotel. Then went to Tait's. Just got 19 stamps enough to fill my book. The stamp store was closed. Dr Colgan was down to see Nellie We have new neighbors. A little kitten has been visiting us the last couple of nights.
127	1900-08-30	Eva brought her kittens over for me to see them. Cracked enough hickorynuts to make candy and cake. Eva helped me pick them out. Mamma and Mrs Tulley went for a drive. Blanche Carman brought mamma's doily home. Got a letter from Mr Read yesterday and I commence lessons on the 8th Dr Abbott and Mrs Tulley were down at night.
128	1900-08-31	I had a present given to me. Eva brought a small muskmelon about the size of an large orange. Brought some books down for her Mamma & I went to the hotel this afternoon and invited Dr Abbott & Mrs Tulley for tea Sunday evening. Was at the stamp store. Got a silver teapot. Mrs Tulley treated us to ice-cream. Eva brought me another melon. Mamma went over to Pay's.
128	1900-09-01	"Eva was in again this morning. I made the candy for grandpa. Papa and Dr Abbott went out fishing. Were at the 1618, and twenty. Leta came over to have me go uptown with her. She took me in Shelley's and we got chocolate soda then took her to Jeans and we got pineapple Eva brought over a book by Mary J Holmes ""Tempest and Sunshine"". Grandpa did not come."
129	1900-09-02	"Very warm. Did not go to church all day. Read ""Tempest and Sunshine"" Eva and Tom over and Tom was chasing poor Dexter. Eva brought a paper with a continued story in it over. Mrs Tulley and Dr Abbott had tea here. Mamma, Mrs Tulley and I had a walk."
129	1900-09-03	"Had a candy braom given me. Eva bought us all some candy Mr Pay was over and wanted to buy our pears and some Crawford peaches. We intended going to the sixteen for a picnic, but the rain prevented us. There was a gentleman here looking after Fitzgerald's house. Eva lent me another book. ""Three Men on Wheels"" by Jerome. Eva & Tom were over nearly all day. Mr Taylor is picking pears."
130	1900-09-04	"Was reading ""Three men on Wheels"" when Mrs Tulley and Dr Abbott came in. They wanted papa, mamma & I to go to the Welland House for tea. Dr Abbott hurried up to the office and caught papa. Had a very good supper. They walked home with us. Mrs Tulley told about a good books ""Uarda"" by Ebeer."
130	1900-09-05	"Mamma and I drove up to McLaren's and to the library Changed my book for ""A Country Minister's Love story"" by Maria Bell. Nell sat down by McLaren's. I was skeered. We drove out Martindale way. Got some plums, Went over to Carmans and asked Blanche, Ella & Sam over; but the gentleman had flown. Dr Abbott and Mrs Tulley were down for the last time. Had melons."
131	1900-09-06	"Mrs Tulley started for New York this morning and Dr Abbott was going to the Bridge with her. Miss Mabel Groome has started to give lessons to a ""limited"" number. Eva was here in the afternoon They have a new grammar and geography. Then Eva and her kitten were in after tea. She had me running and playing hide & seek."
131	1900-09-07	Canned tomatoes this morning Very cool to-day. Mamma and I went for a drive We went down to Fraser's to see about our elderberries and someone had stolen all of them. Then we drove to Homer to order Damson plums from Mr Dow. We came up a road I have never been on. Eva was over at night Mr Inksater's little boy is dead.
132	1900-09-08	"Took my first music lesson after the holidays. Had to go to Eckhardt's after Kullak's Octave Studies, Bal Masque by Jadassohn, Valse by Wrangell. Saw Miss McFarlane She has been away three months Eva was over and she brought some transfer pictures and Jessie Jones & Eva transferred them out on the verandeh. Rode up to McLaren's and then I forgot a post card to Dr Abbott and had to go again. Papa & mamma were out to lake. Got our elderberries."
132	1900-09-09	"Went to church in morning Mr Perry is back and I guess all are glad. Sermon 2nd Cor. 1-2 Finished the ""Country Minister's Love Story. Papa and Mr Coy went out for a drive. I went to Sunday School. Had Mrs Chatfield Lesson ""The Good Samaritan"" Luke X, 26 to 37. They gave us some papers ""Young People's Weekly"" Was in Lloyd's as Nellie called me in. Leta is going to Model School to-morrow."
133	1900-09-10	"Canned peaches (Mountain Rose) and Mr Dow brought us a basket of the blue Damson plums. Eva brought her scrap-book over. I took some plums over to Carman's Ella was incapitated . Allie was over. Took her with us uptown as we were all ready then she came back with us. She has made a mash of a millionaire. Got ""The Trial"" by C. Young. I think is is no good."
133	1900-09-11	"Canned pears. Aunt Lillie and Uncle Horace arrived about 11.30. Eva had been uptown and got some transfer pictures. Uncle Horace went to the office after dinner to have his teeth fixed. They had an awful storm at Galveston, Texas Saturday between 1000 and 10,000 dead and the loss betwen $10,000,000 & $50,000,000. Sydney Bunting's mother died this afternoon about 2 o'clock. I wrote a card to Dr Abbott and asked him why the setting sun was like a peanut stand."
134	1900-09-12	Aunt Lillie and Uncle Horace were up to the office in the morning Mrs Trusty was here. Had to go over to Lee's in the morning. Uncle Horace and Aunt Lillie drove out to the Johnson farm in Grantham Had some old transfers so I finished some this afternoon Pasted them in German grammar like a kid. Had a band concert for children to-night Henry King of Toronto is dead. Eva brought me some walnuts.
134	1900-09-13	"Aunt Lillie was writing off receipts this morning. Tommy and Eva were over. Uncle Horace and Aunt Lillie went to office about 1.30 They wanted to get away on the three o'clock car but couldn't. Mamma & I drove up to the office, and papa took the horse and went to Mrs Wyatt's funeral. Got my music. The two books (Kullak's Bal Masque/and piece ""Petite Valse"" were $4.15 but I got them for $5.35 Met two Miss Cloys, and Mr Charles Band, Uncle Horace and Aunt Lillie went home at five. Mamma got some preserved ginger."
135	1900-09-14	"Canned Crawford peaches and mamma made pear chips. Eva, Tom & Leila Smith were over fooling around. Papa went to Beamsville-DroVe and took Dexter along, I rode up to the post and to Hodgins on my wheel. Got a ""Puck"" book for Eva. H.P. was coming over to-morrow but papa wrote a card saying he would be away."
135	1900-09-15	"Took my music lesson. Did not take any of my new music as I have to finish the old. Mr Read played me a solo for a Cantata he is composing. This solo was on the death of Saul and Jonathan. I told him about ""The Throne of David"" Started Harmony again. Rode uptown and changed my libary book Got ""The Tragedy of Wild River Valley"" by Martha Findley. I tried to get ""When Knighthood was in Flower"". Mr Read told me about it. Mamma was uptown. Mrs Pay has been sick."
136	1900-09-16	"Went to church in the morning. Had Mr Perry sermon I Sam XV1-12 verse. Came home with Lizzie. Eva was over before I got dressed. Went to Sunday School in the afternoon. Lesson Luke XII 13 to 23 verses. We did not get our ""picture papers"" and Mrs Haun went after them. Papa came home about 5 oclock. Brought a basket of grapes."
136	1900-09-17	Very cool to-day. Had to close windows and doors. Canned peaches in the morning and tomatoes in the afternoon I finished my Harmony I started on Saturday very gloomy and depressing at night
137	1900-09-18	"Mamma went collecting this afternoon. I went over to Shoe Hospital on James St. to have my old slipper patched. Saw Beatrice. Went to library and got ""Danesbury House"" by Mrs Henry Wod. The catalogue no of it was wrong. Had the last band concert of the season. Played in pavilion and charged admission for a Family Beaver/, Mr Coy came home with papa."
137	1900-09-19	I guess Eva is away as we have not seen her since Sunday. Mamma and I drove on Martindale way to the lake after sand. The apples cover the ground in some places and peach trees broken from the high wind we had last week. Mr Perry called and we were out as usual. Papa has been talking about me going to Demill. He had to go uptown to meet Mr Marquis and Sidney Bunting.
138	1900-09-20	"Nasty gloomy day. Mr McSloy sent papa five trout from Quebec. Had them Tuesday night. They tried to stop the ringing of the 6, 2, 5, & 6 bells. Crazy."
138	1900-09-21	Helped dust. In the afternoon we hurried around and went uptown. Mamma went collecting and then went to Mr Chatfield's. I went to the office and watched for her. Nellie Lloyd was in the office. The Collegiate games were to-day. Johnson won the race. We were at Anderson's to see the hats. We had two sent down.
139	1900-09-22	"Took my music lesson, Mr Read was not there, came a little after eight. Spoke to him of Demill. He did not advise it They are painting St. George's Church a canary yellow. Granpa came in morning. Mamma & I were uptown again. Got a hat this time. Grandpa and papa were out hunting. Got four squirrels. Was over to Carman's. Ella has been sick"
139	1900-09-23	Went to church. Sermon I Sam. XVIII. 5 verse. Grandpa was at the Baptist Church. Papa and Mr Marquis were out for a walk. We are going to have a missionary Sunday in the Sunday School. Had recitations a duett & missionary hymns. Mr Owen from England staying at Mr H. O'Loughlin's spoke to us. He is to preach to-night read the lessons in morning. Miss Elliots'cousin sang this morning. She had a nice voice Papa & grandpa went to church at night. They were to baptize some people.
140	1900-09-24	"Grandpa went uptown in the morning. Then in the afternoon mamma drove him down to Waites. I made him some candy and he went on the 5-o'clock car. The Ladies Home Journal came to-day. It has a story entitled ""The Story of a Young Man"" by Clifford Howard It is a story of Christ. Eva wrote me a letter and I answered it to-night."
140	1900-09-25	"Mamma hurried and went over to Mr Rykerts' collecting then she came back and we went for a drive. Took library book back and got ""Postle Farm"" by George Ford. Got a bottle of ink. We drove down to Mrs Gray's for little green beans Mrs Milner died yesterday Mrs Archer and her son came down at night She wanted something done to her teeth. Got my harmony done at last"
141	1900-09-26	"Wash day Annie Trusty was here begging for the Salvation army. I had to take the money to the church. Gave it to Mr Perry. Gave Mrs Trusty my pink waist. Mamma went to Miss Anderson's. Got me a ""Scribbling Pad"". A hat is going to come to-morrow she picked out."
141	1900-09-27	"Mamma hats came this morning, but she decided after dinner not to keep any. We drove up Mary St. and I took them back Then we drove out to Overholt's. Saw Mrs Williams Mrs Overholt was in town. They have a cute little collie pup. Papa went to office them to Opera house to Miss Blackwell's recital. Will Thompson played, and Miss Vanderburgh accompanist."
142	1900-09-28	"Our old head man came again to-day. Mr Vickers. Mamma & I went for a drive. Drove to Lee's and Shelly's then down to Mrs Grays to pay for some green beans we bought. Saw Ella she is much better. ""Success"" came and it had a good thing in about Canadian boys in American cities. We come frome ""Frozen north""."
142	1900-09-29	"Raining very hard. took my music lesson. Had to have a light it was so dark. Book II of Jadassohn's Op 26. Rita Scott took her lesson after mine. Eva is home. She brought some cards over and she got a fan for dancing the cake-walk. Papa bought a book called ""Triumphs and Wonders of the XIX century"""
143	1900-09-30	Eva cut a slice out of her finger last night and came in for some courtplaster. Went to church. Sermon Prov XXVIII. 26 verse. Papa drove down Lake st. to the little cottage below railway and got a hound they gave him. Its name is Dewey. Went to Sunday School Had review. Mamma and I were at church at night Sermon Mk. VI. 2 I think Came home with Dwyers.
143	1900-10-01	Had to get up early this morning as papa and mamma are going to Buffalo by 9-o'clock car Did my Harmony. They got home about 8-o'clock. Mamma looked for some pictures of musicians but did not get one She bought me some pretty blue ribbon and white silk tie and a linen hankerchief Got some candy. They saw Dick and had to wait on Yankee side for a car. So they took in the museum.
144	1900-10-02	Eva says she is not going to school this afternoon as the whole room is in for a licking. Mamma and I drove down to Trusty's for hops then to Waites for peony root. When we came home I dressed went uptown to Library and got Attila by G.P.R. James no good And I went to see Allie she was not home when I got there but came later. They have a reception for Dr. Smith & bride to-night.
144	1900-10-03	"Very fine and warm Mamma and I drove uptown. Took a trap to papa's office. Papa gave me a $1.00 I got a book ""Steadfast"" by Rose Terry Cook. Sent for a sample of hair stuff. Then we drove out to Decew Falls for some earth. I caught a frog and got 6 snails Got enough mushrooms for tea. Mr Pay wants mamma to be judge at the fair to-morrow."
145	1900-10-04	Mamma had to go down to the fair at 1 o'clock. Cab called for her. So I had to clear the dinner & c. Then after I got through I rode uptown to Inksater's as I ordered some cotton on Tuesday and it has not came yet. Miss Muir and her mother called. Mamma said the fair is no good. Got four tickets.
145	1900-10-05	I thought I would rather go to Decew Falls hunting mushrooms than go to the fair so mamma & I went. We got quite a few. It was fun. Coming home we saw some of the prize cattle & horses. Coming from the fair. Saw some red pigs. Eva came over to show me her cards but I was not home. Papa had to go to lodge for a supper and great doings they are to have to-night.
146	1900-10-06	Took my music lesson. Had 1st piece Bolero Op 26 Jadassohn for lesson. Mr Read said that it and valse. Op 1 by Wrangell would be good ones for musical. Mrs Overholt was in for a few minutes on her way home. Papa drove to grandpas to-night. Took Dexter. Eva brought me two pieces of music she got at the fair.
146	1900-10-07	Went to church in the morning. Sermon Psalm 51. Staid to Communion. Eva came over and said she was going to our Sunday School as she went to Jones and she & Jessie came after me. We had a special offering for the expenses of Sunday School. We got $13.51. Pretty good for kids. Poured as we were ready to come home. Nellie Lloyd lent me her heptonette. Met mamma coming after me. St George's re-opened to-day. St Barnabus had a Harvest Home service
147	1900-10-08	Cooler than it has been. took Nellie's heptonette home. Then I mailed a letter for mamma and started for Miss Crawford's. Met her on Church Street so I turned and came back as far as Cox's with her. Came home then went and called on Ethel and Mabel Tucker. Got the free sample of hair stuff
147	1900-10-09	"Eva borrowed my gold bracelet yesterday and brought it back at noon. I made some cream candy but it was not as good as the old kind. Papa came home. Aunt Allie sent me seven books and a quilt. Papa shot 3 woodcock and a partridge. Eva had the two little Lawrence girls in here she brought me some ""Cracker - Jack"". Papa brought some shekel pears home. Had a sham fight on Hamer's Hill to-night."
148	1900-10-10	"Cool and frosty. Mamma was going uptown so I got ready and went with her. She went to Mrs Sullivan's to see about our clothes. We were at Miss Anderson's and mamma picked out a very pretty hat. I changed the library book and got 'Mr Faversham's New Years guest""."
148	1900-10-11	"Mamma cleaned the little front room to-day. In afternoon mamma went to call on Ms Read who was staying at Dwyer's. She was gone and mamma was in Mrs Pay's for a while. Miss Nora McSloy had a ""Book Tea"" yesterday. Allie won first prize. I had to go to Lee's saw Ella and when I came home Eva was here with some popcorn."
149	1900-10-12	Did not practice much to-day. After dinner mamma and I went for a drive. We drove to Sixteen and got a tick and looking glass out of the cottage. Pappa wanted to take them up North with him. Got some very hard apples on the tree by cottage
149	1900-10-13	"Took my music IV. of Jadassohn's OP 26. Eva came over and she is going to the Falls. Papa and mamma started right after dinner for the twenty. I washed the dishes and ironed some small things. Mrs Trusty did our washing to-day Then Phoebe and I went uptown. She got a skirt and took Paderewski to have him framed. Eva bought me a Union Jack Hatpin from Falls. Mamma found some lovely apples in the marsh. I made some candy with chocolate in ""Fudge""."
150	1900-10-14	"I was over to Tucker's last night and asked Mabel to go to church with me. We went Sermon John I. 29 & 30 I think Eva was over and stayed until I came home. Went to Sunday School. Lesson Parable of Great Supper"". Papa was out with Dexter He went to call on Locke Dudley at night. Mamma and I went to church. Sermon Judges XIII. 14 verse. Pays & Dwyers came home with us."
150	1900-10-15	It is a lovely day. When I was waiting for mamma to hitch up I ran across to Woodruff's and got a basketful of walnuts. Ethel Tucker came & helped me get a few. We drove down to Homer to have Nell shod. I think we Rev. Mr Maloney. Had some grapes We went to Mrs Woodruff's then after some squashes. Allie was over to see me. Eva and Tom were over nearly all evening
151	1900-10-16	"The gasworks burned last night. Eva came and told us before breakfast, then she was over after. Turned quite cool. Gave Eva some fans. I took Mrs Carman two cosmos to let her see the size of them. They were painting the kitchen floor bright yellow. Fixed a picture for my room. Hofmann's ""Christ in garden of Gethsemane."""
151	1900-10-17	"The man came and cleaned the stoves. The sweet potatoes we had last night went for me. Mamma went up to the church. I read ""Haran the Hermit"" then I got ready and started. Met mamma & Mrs Haun at the corner. We went to McLaren's and got goods for my green skirt. Then to Miss Anderson's. Got some narrow velvet ribbon for my hair Met Mrs Pay. I got ""When Knighthood was in Flower"" at Library. Went to Keating's after my picture. Pays have sold their house and we go there Friday"
152	1900-10-18	Thanksgiving. Did not go to church. Had a nice young turkey for dinner. Mamma and I were for a drive in afternoon. We called at Mr Ross' to have him clean windows. Mamma went to Mrs Sullivan's. We drove out Geneva Street and came home Lake street.
152	1900-10-19	Cooler to-day. Papa ate some herring last night and does not feel well to-day. Mamma went uptown right after dinner and I washed dishes. She came home and went to Mrs Sullivan's again. Will Marquis was here to see papa. Mamma and I went to Pay's at night. Mrs Pay is having all the club in as she has sold their house. The two Misses Taylor were there. Mrs McGhie won ladies prize and Mr Dwyer's gentlemans Had distribution of prizes at Collegiate.
153	1900-10-20	"Took my music lesson. Have VI Jadassohn. Mr read wanted to know whether I sang as it would be benefical to go to the oratorio rehersal he is going to have at Demill. Have to get three pieces, but I think I have one so I came home then went back to Eckhardt's. Got ""Valse Chromatique by Leschetizky & Passepied from Le Roi s'amuse by Delibes. Mrs J. Overholt came in to see us and Mr Overholt came after her. Allie brought us some pears. Had to go to Myers so I went to see Leta. I saw her this morning & she wanted me to come."
153	1900-10-21	"Very warm. Went to church St. John I. 57. I came home with Beatrice. Walked down to Macdonald's with her. Frank Coy has typhoid. Papa let Dewey loose and he ran for home but papa caught him. Papa & mamma went for a drive and I went to Sunday School. Lesson ""Parable of Lost Sheep and Lost Corn"". Papa found some lovely mushrooms around Decew Falls."
154	1900-10-22	Very warm. Mamma cleaned their bedroom. We went for a drive in the afternoon. Drove up to Mrs Sullivan's. She measured me for my green skirt. It is to be 41 inches in front & 42 in back. Went to office after balm and some certificates of papa's. He went to Falls on 7 o'clock trolley to get his license. Saw Mrs Pay.
154	1900-10-23	"Eva came over in the morning. Her uncle is very sick. Did my Harmony. Eva brought her cousin over. Mamma had to go to the office to have her teeth fixed. Papa got the October ""Wide World"" Magazine. Eva was her for tea and is going to stay here all night. Her cousin is going to stay at Carmans."
155	1900-10-24	Eva staid all night. We put her in the spare room but she came and slept with me. They took her uncle away this morning Ethel came after her and she had to go to school. Mamma went to Mrs Sullivan's and she was not ready. She won't be ready for me to-morrow. Phoebe is going to have Miss Boyle make her skirt. Papa went to see Mr Sidney Bunting at night.
155	1900-10-25	"The weather is fine. Got ""The Ladies Home Jormal"" and ""Success"". Mamma and I drove uptown. Went to Miss Biggans after a lily, then to Mrs Sullivan's. I went to Eckhardt's & got my two pieces Passepeid by Delibes & Valse Chromatique by Leschetizky We drove down to Mr Bruce's to see if he could keep Nellie this winter, but he can't as the barns are fin on the place he is going to"
156	1900-10-26	My room was cleaned this morning. I had to go to Mrs Sullivan's and she can't do my skirt this week. Phoebe is having a skirt made at Miss Boyle's. We went for a drive. Intended going around Grange Hall way but it looked like rain so we came through Port. Papa went to the Falls withh Mr Marquis to-night.
156	1900-10-27	"Mrs Trusty came to iron. Took my lesson. Took ""Passepied"" and am to start ""Murmuring Zephyrs"" by Jensen. Papa got two nice baskets of apples of an old man. Eva was over to show us some silver hearts she got. I went uptown met Ella and went with her to Stamp Store. She lent me a ""Foregone Conclusion"" by W. D. Howells. Mamma came over as I was there to get her belt but Miss Biggan did not come. We went over on racecourse to see how the railway was progressing."
157	1900-10-28	Eva was over with a new dress on. Went to church. Had Rev. Helier Hamilton of Japan. Sermon St Matt. I. 21 were. Two young gentleman sat in our seat. Papa and mamma went for a drive. I went to Sunday School. We had Miss Cleghom for teacher. Mr Hamilton spoke to us. Ella brought the bulbs over. Papa & mamma were at Overholt's Mr Overholt is sick. Papa got some chestnuts.
157	1900-10-29	Papa went away this morning for Muskoka. Took Dewey with him. Mamma cleaned Phoebe room. Then in afternoon we drove to Homer to see if Mr Wilson knew anything about Mr Pringle who keeps horses there. We came home Queenston Street but did not meet any cars. Mrs Keating died Saturday and was buried this morning.
158	1900-10-30	Very rainy and gloomy. Cleaned Papa's room and the hall. Mamma had to go uptown in the rain. Mrs Sullivan wanted me instead of mamma. A Mr Lee killed himself this morning. He lived on Court and Centre St. There is a lecture in the church on Japan. Could not go for this rain. Pansy caught a large rat.
158	1900-10-31	"I went up to Smith's for meat their to Mrs Sullivan's She had the flounce cut out. Got a book out of library ""My Musical Experiences"" by B. Walker I enjoyed it. Wrote a letter to Aunt allie. Mamma went to the Church as it is annual meeting of Ladies Aid. They have made about $225 this year. Not bad. Eva and Tom came in with very pretty falsefaces on. Then after Jessie Jones and the two came again. Eva had some taffy."
159	1900-11-01	"I went up to the post to mail some letters and papers for papa as it was so rainy we couldnt go yesterday. Cleaned the parlor. Then mamma and I painted the kitchen floor with first coat. Borowed some boards from Mrs Carman. Tom was in and wanted to paint, but we did not let him."
159	1900-11-02	Mamma cleaned the halls. I fixed some blue velvet ribbon for a tie. Miss Seymour was here collecting for the Bible Society. Mamma and I went uptown. Frank Coy is much better. Had a card from papa. Anna Floyd appealed and she did not get it so she has to go down stairs again with the kids. Mrs Pay took us through her house.
160	1900-11-03	Took my music lesson. Was to Mrs Sullivan's and to Hodgin's for chickens. Cleaned my fish and Eva brought some candy she made. Mamma and I put on the second coat of paint to kitchen floor. Was up to Miss Boyles to see about making me a waist. Got a programme of the Strauss concert in Keating's. Got my green skirt to-night.
160	1900-11-04	"Eva was over and borrowed two books. Went to church. Sermon St. John IV 50 verse Mamma bought some candy yesterday. Went to Sunday School. Lesson ""The Unjust Steward"". Had Miss Cleghorn. Came down Church St with EWinnie Rolls. Caught up to Tommy and he came home with me. Mamma and I were at church in evening. Mr Perry is starting a series of sermons. lt. Matt V. The congregational social is to be on the 18th."
161	1900-11-05	Cleaned the sitting room this morning. Washed some of the little things. Did not get through until nearly four o clock. Then mamma went uptown. While she was gone an awful wind came up and I brought my fish in the house. She borowed a umbrella of Mr Kane. Got a sample picture from Perry Co. Malden Mass.
161	1900-11-06	"Cleaned the dining room. Chaplain's saw works were burned this morning. I went uptown the afternoon. Ordered some oats and meat. Was to post and office Mr Wilson cheated me out of 3 cents he said cocanut wafers were 15 instead of 12c a lb. Met Helen as I was coming home and went back uptown with her. We saw the fire. Mrs Chatfeld called. I got a good book out of the library ""Edith Vernon's Life Work"". The Strauss concert was to-night in the Opera House."
162	1900-11-07	Wash day. Rainy and disagreeable. Mamma went uptown to the post in the afternoon. Eva and Tom were over at night and Eva takes her first music lesson to-morrow of Miss Holden. Election day to-day. Hurrah for Gibson. Sir Wilfrid Laurier was here Monday afternoon at the Welland Depot and Sir Richard Cartwright at the Opera House in the evening
162	1900-11-08	"Lancaster is elected but we don't care. Laurier is in and the Grits have the whole show. I went uptown after the papers & c. Got mamma's silver teapot. Maybee fixed it My: how it did rain. The Corticelli book came. Got two cards from papa. Frank and he have not got a deer yet. Mr Joseph Murphy is at the Opera House to-night in ""Shaun Rhue""."
163	1900-11-09	"Very cold and snowy. Mamma cleaned the woodshed. I started to read ""Vanity Fair"" by Thackeray. Was uptown to-day. Ordered chickens. Got another card from papa. He and Frank have one deer a piece and expect to get their two. Allie Coy came after the quinges. Got a book describing the play ""Way down East"" which is to be here Monday night. We have missed the good ones."
163	1900-11-10	"Took my lesson. After I went to the office with a telegram for Dick. Had to take it myself as Sid was not there yet. Cleaned my fish. Eva brought me some taffy she made. Then mamma and I went uptown afternoon I got enough red goods for a waist Went to Miss Boyle's and had my measure taken. I ordered three pieces. I love thee by Grieg, Harlequin by H. N. Bartlett and La Papillon. Etude de Concert by C. Lavallee. Got a Catalogue from Kents. Mr Read showed me some of R. Campbell's sketches."
164	1900-11-11	"Got ready for church but it looked rainy and I did not go. I was picking out a ring I would like. Have been reading ""Vanity Fair"". Went to Sunday School. Had Mrs Chatfield. There is a social of the Y.P.A. on Wednesday and the congregational social in Friday night."
164	1900-11-12	Mamma cleaned the pantry and got the plants in We went uptown in the afternoon. I had to go to Miss Boyles to have my waist fit. Miss Nelson has a lot of pretty paintings. We were at Madame Sullivans about mammas skirt and she had forgotten about it. Miss Buckeley is dead. Died yesterday afternoon. Fern Healey came down at night to tell me Mr Penny had elected me on the Music Committee of the Y. P. A. and I have to go Wednesday.
165	1900-11-13	"The first good snowstorm of the season. Mr Lee brought a basket of Baldwin apples. Snow turned to rain. Wrote to Bessie Corvie. Was going after the papers, but it was too bad. ""Way Down East"" last night was not very good. Mamma is making us some Battenburg ends for ties."
165	1900-11-14	About 2 o'clock Uncle Freeman came in as he had been to port for sand. We were waiting dinner for papa. as he is coming home. Came with his deer. The one is a fine buck. I went uptown after the papers and mail. Had dinner so late we did not have any tea. Then Mamma went with me to the Church. Mr Perry wants Beatrice and I to play Friday night We just had business tonight about the reception.
166	1900-11-15	Papa went to the office in the morning then came home early in the afternoon as Frank Overholt was coming to help him skin the deer. Papa got the picture of the twins. I was uptown to Eckhardt's. Did not get what I was after. Had my waist tried on. Wrote out papa's diary to-night.
166	1900-11-16	"I got a book in the library yesterday ""A Strange Temptation"" by Mrs Spender. Mamma went uptown in the afternoon for some cake and to see if they wanted her to help at the church. Papa went with mamma & I then came back later. I was talking with Eloise Hamilton then I got with Grace & Mayde Greenwood, Allie & Mallie, & Bessie Elliot. Mr Skey & Mr Lane gave speeches and Beatrice & I played. Had a very good time. I have to play on Wednesday."
167	1900-11-17	"Miss McFarlane brought my music last night. Took my lesson. Took ""Harlequin"" by H. N. Bartlett for my lesson. Have the first chorale in Harmony for next week. Went to Dwyer's to ask Beatrice to play. Saw their new dog & cats. Got ten pictures from the Perry Pictures last night. Have a cold. Went and had my waist tried on. She will not have it done until Monday."
167	1900-11-18	Eva was in as usual on Sunday morning. Had her hair all frizzed. She is going to get 2 dozen scarfpins to sell and get a watch. Went to church. Sermon Gen. 25. 27 verse. Instead of having a Friday evening service they are going to have a Bible class. Papa went down to the old Maris who let him have Dewey with a piece of venison. Did not go to Sunday School. Mamma has a bad cold.
168	1900-11-19	"Very gloomy and rainy all day. Mr J. P. Merritt died yesterday afternoon about 6.30. Have been harmonizing ""God Save the Queen"" in Soprano and do it in Tenor to-morrow. about 5 o'clock I took some venison in to Tucker's"
168	1900-11-20	"Rainy again I wish we could see the sun once more. My cold is worse to-day. In the afternoon Eva came in then went home again & I was dressing and she came upstairs with my Christmas present; a mother of pearl mudturtle booch. I went to Pays, Dwyers, and Hodgetts with venison, and to Myer's after molasses. Bessie Read's father died yesterday. Mr and Mrs Coy and Sidney were over at night. A meeting of the active members of the Musical Circle was held at Miss Vanderburghs' to-night, but I did not go."
169	1900-11-21	"Mrs James Keyes called on mamma & Mrs Coy yesterday morning. Mrs Trusty is here. Eva brought Phoebe a Christmas a spoon. She is selling pins to get a watch. Papa took one. Beatrice came after me at night. I played ""Valse Arabesque"" by Lack. Mine was the first on the programme. Miss Prior sang ""Tit for Tat"" and Beatrice played. Miss Bates gave a recitation. Fern Healey, Roy Gobb & Mr Bradley gave speeches."
169	1900-11-22	"My cold is worse than ever. Have a cold in my head Eva came over at night and gave mamma a diamond pin and papa a catseye for a ring. ""The Christian"" Hall Caine's book is coming to the Opera House next Wednesday. Mrs Vale on Queen St. is dead. She was 90 yrs. old. Rainy at night."
170	1900-11-23	"This morning I went uptown after my pins and to change my library book. Got ""Leofwine the Monk"". Very nice day. Mamma went uptown in the afternoon. McLaren's and Anderson's have their Christmas things in. The Collegiate Cadets have a concert to-night. Miss Murray is to sing, Miss McCallum recite and the flag is to be presented to the cadets."
170	1900-11-24	"Took my music lesson. Mr Read was not there. He stays at the college nights. I have to harmonize ""As pants the Hart"" in Soprano & Bass. Eva brought the two little Riley girls in this morning. Leta came over in the afternoon, and I went uptown and home with her. Lottie Bogardus was there. Mrs Kellogg and Miss Kottmeier were down in the afternoon."
171	1900-11-25	"Eva was in this morning. Papa put the deer tails on her cap. Lent her two books ""The Wide Wide World"" & ""Bhelma"". Did not go out all day, as they were afraid I would catch more cold. Snowy out. Read ""John Marmaduke"" by Samuel Harden Church. Finished Leofwine the Monk"" Mabel lent papa the other book. It is a library book."
171	1900-11-26	Very stormy to-day. It commenced with rain and then snow very heavy. We got the Ladies' Home Journal for December & Collier's Weekly to-day. Sir Arthur Sullivan died last week. Have not much to say as the weather is so bad.
172	1900-11-27	"Muddy to-day Mrs O'Loughlin called on mamma. I was over to Lee's and coming home. I saw Eva. She has her pins. These are prettier than the others. Mamma was over to Carman's. ""The Wide Wide World"" and ""Success"" came to-night. Finished my harmony. Franck Overholt gave papa six quail."
172	1900-11-28	"Helped mamma. Picked all the quail, and chopped suet raisins, & citron. Mamma made a cake for the church. She went up to the Auxiliary & Ladies Aid so she took it up. Came after our crokinole board. Papa went as far as the church with me. Had games crokinole, Jenkin's up. Parcheesi & c. Had quite a time finding my crokinole men. Mr Roy Grobb was coming but he asked me first. The ""Christian"" was in the Opera House to-night."
173	1900-11-29	A colored german came about our kitchen stove. The things were wrong. So they have to send to the factory again Mamma got a letter from Mamie yesterday & Mr Zimmerman was here for dinner. Took Dudleys umbrella home and went to Lee's. Miss Bird died yesterday morning.
173	1900-11-30	"Started to read ""Home Influence"" by Grace Aguilar when mamma was sweeping. Mamma went to the church to help quilt. Eva and Tom were in. Eva wants me to make two wishbone penwipers. Papa went to St. Andrew's supper to-night. Mr Macgregor invited him."
174	1900-12-01	"Took my music lesson. When I went Mr. Read was standing outside pounding the door and we had to wait for about five minutes. Have ""Valse Chromatique"" by Leschitzky. Fixed Eva's penwipers. Then I called for Beatrice to go uptown but she had to go to the Dennyson club. Got a library book Letters on Music' by Ehlert. Bought Eva's Christmas present ""The Twentieth Door, by Sheldon. Beatrice & I were in to Henderson's May ran a needle in her foot."
174	1900-12-02	"Eva was in to show her new furs. Went to church. Sermon XII, 11 verse. A young man sat in our seat. Eva was over again with a new hat. Then I went to Sunday School, The lesson was on the ""Rich Young Ruler, Matt 19. Did not go out at night. We have new lesson leaflets. Have pictures on the lesson, and a short story Read ""The Twentieth Door & Letters for Music."
175	1900-12-03	"A lovely day. Mamma and I went uptown in the afternoon to see about a new hat for me. Had a whale grebe & some green velvet for it. Got some silk for ties. Went over to Myer's & mamma went to Mrs Pays. Saw Mrs Dudley stopped in Pays for mamma. Got ""Dr Glenne's Daughter"" out of the library."
175	1900-12-04	"Raining again Papa got the Christmas Globe last night and the new book by Marie Corelli ""The Master Christian"". The Globe has one very pretty water color sketch. Got the letter ready to night to send for a year's subscription to the ""Etude"". My tie ends are finished. The Band has a concert assisted by Harold Jarvis in the Opera House."
176	1900-12-05	"Mamma went up to the church to help quilt. Then at night I got ready and was to meet Beatrice at Pay's. Ida Ross was with them. A little kitten followed us in the church. Mrs Perry took it home. Molly Phelps & Nora McClelland played Mabel Greenwood sang. The debate was, ""Slate Support in higher education is not beneficial to Canada."" The affirmative were Mr Prior, Fern Healey & the negative Mr. Richards & Roy Grabb; the negative won."
176	1900-12-06	"Eva is sick and came over this morning, I was ready to go uptown. Eva came over and went with me. She bought a rose for me at Mrs Whiting's and the old thing broke off about ten minutes after. Was to Miss Andersons to try on my hat. It looks swell. Eva bought her mother a calendar and then went to the church to practice. I called into Chapman's to see if Genevra would sing next Wednesday night as I have change of the programme then called at Allie's & she was out so I was disappointed all around."
177	1900-12-07	Cleaned my bicycle and papa's. The spokes were all rusty Practiced all afternoon. Then when papa came home at night he asked mamma and I whether we would like to go & hear Dr Barrie who has just returned from South Africa. So we went. The meeting was held in the First Presbyterian Church. Christened my new hat.
177	1900-12-08	"Took my lessons this morning. Have ""Papillion"" by Lavallee for next day. He told me my rhythm was much better than it used to be. Got Allie to play for me next Wednesday night. She has a dear little kitten. We have two ducks, spareribs & sausage. I think we will have enough to eat. Mamma & I were uptown in afternoon. I bought a rubber doll & horse for the Dorsey children. Collin's Weekly is illustrated very nicely with colored pictures this week."
178	1900-12-09	"This is our anniversary Sunday. We had Rev. Arthur Murphy. His sermon in the morning was on Heaven John 3-13 Eva was in. Went to Sunday School Mr Murphy addressed us. Song of Solomon II 15. The girls are talking of giving Mrs Haun a Christmas present. Papa, mamma & I were out at night. Sermon' God's Love II Samuel IX. 3 verse. I am reading ""Home Influence"" by Grace Aguilar."
178	1900-12-10	"In the afternoon I went uptown to change two presents I got on Saturday for Phoebe. They did not suit. Then I went to the library and got the ""Etude"" from Jany to June 1900. Mamma was out calling. Called on Mrs Dwyer, Dudley, McLean. Mrs Dwyer is going to have the club Thursday night as Percy is coming home to-night."
179	1900-12-11	"Did not do much all day. Had quite a small snow blizzard in the afternoon. Then at night mamma and I went to the Musical. Its first meeting for the year. Mrs Williams is Editor in place of Mr Burrell. The first piece was nice ""Morsica"" by Oliver King, the second was better. Improvisata by Reinecke. Mrs Marquis & Mrs Chaplin played the 1st & Miss Paterson & Miss Chaplin the 2nd."
179	1900-12-12	"Mamma had to go to the church in the afternoon to keep quiet. She was in to McLaren about a set of dishes. When papa came home to supper he had a letter from Allie saying she cannot play. So I have to. Papa went with me. Kate Sutton played a valse & I played Bolero by Jadassohn. Mr McIntyre gave a fine lecture on his trip. Then I played, ""God Save the Queen"". I got a little mixed on it. Papa & I had to go home with Miss McGibbon. Ella was over at night."
180	1900-12-13	"Was in the house all day. Kate Sutton & I got a little puff in the Journal. Papa, mamma & I went over to Dwyer's at night. All the old Club were there. Mr Pay was late. I nearly got the prize. Mrs Macgregor won it. A little cream & sugar Mr Notman won the gentleman's & Mrs Notman the booby a calendar & candy roaster. I helped with the eatables. Bertha Read was there."
180	1900-12-14	"Eva was in at noon and she has her watch. A very nice little nickel one. She had her pictures taken and brought me one. Mamma had to go to the church to quilt. Am reading the ""Etude"" now."
181	1900-12-15	"Mr. Read was not at Mrs Campbell's when I got there so little Lloyd Carpenter played me a piece and said ""That is my lesson"" Took my lesson. They have started a Musical in Port. Got the ""Etude"" to-day. Like it very much. It is a Wagner number. Went uptown. Bought a calendar for Lizzie. Got some grey matting for my little pictures of musicians. Bought mamma's present a little oak tabourette. Got the matting ready for the pictures"
181	1900-12-16	"Went to church in the morning. Sermon on Gen XXV. 31 verse. Came down Queen Street with Beatrice, Eva brought my book home. Was at Sunday School. Lesson ""Zacchaeus, the Publican"". All the Bible class staid after Sunday School to see about Mrs Haun's present. We only have $2.50 and Winnie Rolls, Miss Francis and I have to go to morrow and pick it out."
182	1900-12-17	Finished my pictures I was fixing of musicians. At 3:30 Winnie Rolls and Miss Francis called for me as we have to pick out Mrs Haun's present. We were to see Miss Keyes then went around to Ridley & got a quarter out of Mrs Smith. We got an ebony brush & comb & imitation ebony mirror. It cost $3.00. Got some blue ribbon for my pictures.
182	1900-12-18	Mild out to-day. Finished my harmony I got another picture I wanted mounted a landscape. Mamma went uptown. Sent some money with her to get some stuff for a bag for Aunt Allie & a gray & green mat. I mounted both pictures at night. Papa went to Sid Bunting's to-night. Mrs Kennedy of St. Louis died yesterday. Demill College had its closing exercises to-night.
183	1900-12-19	Got our new set of dishes from McLaren's so mamma & I had a washing time all morning Mrs Trusty is here. Mamma went uptown by herself this afternoon. I went over to Coy's to see if Mattie would sing next Wednesday then I went to Allie's. I got her to play all right. She is going to get a new fur coat from everybody.
183	1900-12-20	"Yesterday morning I fixed a picture of Pharoah's horses on a piece of gray mat I had left. We are making fruit cake. Eva come in early this morning with her eyes as large as saucers said ""I have bad new"" The next door neighbors have diptheria. Dr O'Glynn and Sidney were here for tea. They played King Pedro after."
184	1900-12-21	"Mamma is not feeling well to-day Mrs Trusty came in the afternoon to iron. Mamma & I went uptown. Mamma got Eva a silver bean for her bracelet & we got a little strawberry cream pitcher for Annie Trusty. I bought papa a Fountain pen, at Fairfield's. There is a confirmation in St. George's to-night. Miss McLaren & Mrs Moore have a ball to-night."
184	1900-12-22	"Took my lesson. Have ""Ich liebe dich"" for two weeks from to-day as I don't have to take a lesson next week. A lovely day. Called in Coy's. Mattie cannot sing. Miss Clarke came to give Dell a lesson. I went out in the afternoon. Took Lizzie's calendar called at Chapman's to see if Genevra could sing. She is away. Went to Greenwood's. Mabel will sing I was up to office and papa gave me money to get Eva a hatpin. Got a sample copy of the ""Musician"" for December. Sent Aunt Allie's bag off. Was at Dwyer's. Beatrice was uptown. Then went down to Dudley's."
185	1900-12-23	"Very rainy about church time so I did not go in the morning. Eva brought papa a piece of hyrianthe. Went to Sunday School with Mrs Haun's present. Lesson Matt II. 1-18. Mrs Haun surprised us by giving each one a prayer & hymn book, then we surprised her. Lizzie was there. Papa, mamma & I were at church. Sermon on Beatitudes Matt V, 8. Papa went for a walk. The Young People's Association is postponed for a week after all my trouble."
185	1900-12-24	I did not intend going uptown but McLaren sent the tabourette I got for mamma and it was all scratched so I went up to give them a setting out. They did not have another like it so I have to give 30 more. Mamma got Tommy a ball & Phoebe got him a box of candy. Mamma gave Dell Coy a box of candy. I took Eva and Tom's presents over. Papa went uptown at night.
186	1900-12-25	"Sermon Isiah 60.-1.2.3. Merry Christmas & C - Eva was over early with her presents. I went to church, Papa came in too. He was uptown. I was going to stay after church but I came home with him. The first thing we saw was the deer's head, & then Dr Harry sent me a lovely 2 lb. box of candy, papa 3 boxes of cigars & Mrs Tulley sent mamma a handker- chief. Mrs Overholt sent a teapot handle. Ate & ate till we are sick. Tom brought his presents in. Lizzie brought me a pretty little blue pincushion. I was down to Smith's for some grapes for Eva as she was afraid."
186	1900-12-26	"Papa took a chest protector to Dr. McCoy. Dr Abbot sent it I did not have time to say what mamma & papa gave me. Mamma's present was a pretty waist & papa's pair of kid gloves & a bottle of perfume. About 10:30 Aunt Allie came in. We did not expect her. We went uptown in the afternoon as Aunt Allie wanted to see some capes. Went into McLauren's & Tait's. I settled my bill at McLauren's was in the library. Got Sarah de Berenger, by J Ingelow. Bought some gray matting."
187	1900-12-27	"Got a Christmas Globe yesterday for 25 for Phoebe for Mrs Uttler. At noon we got some presents from Mame a handkerchief for mamma, a book about Burningham for Phoebe & a calendar for me. Aunt Allie & I have been washing dishes. Got all my Harmony done. Hurrah! Sunday School Xmas concert to-night. Did not go."
187	1900-12-28	"Have been fixing pictures nearly all day. I had to wash the dinner dishes as mamma had to go uptown with Aunt Allie about her cape. She bought a new skirt. Papa, mamma & I went to A. Macgregor's as the club met there Colin Macgregor was there & Mr & Mrs S. Jenkon Mrs Dwyer won ladies, Mr Pay gentlemen's Mr Dwyer the booby. They were a pomade glass. A very large cup and a paperweight."
188	1900-12-29	Seems funny to not have to take a lesson. Mamma & Aunt Allie were uptown again to-day. Aunt Allie got a capenine of persian Lamb & bearskin for aunt Rebecca. She started for Ridgeway on the 6.06 train. Did not to much of anything. Eva was in to have her hair curled last night for their entertainment.
188	1900-12-30	"Did not go to church this morning as I have a bad coldsore on my lip. And by Sunday School time it was no better so I did not go. Eva was over. Brought one of her Christmas presents ""Grandma Elsie"" over for me to read and I lent her ""Tip Lewis and this Lamp"". Papa, mamma and I went to Church at night Sermon on the Beatitudes ""Blessed are the peacemakers"". Came home with Coys and papa & mamma went to their place with them. Papa came home first & Allie came with him."
189	1900-12-31	"A rather gloomy day. Mamma swept this morning. Finished Eva's book. In the afternoon we got a very pretty azalia. Think it came from Mrs Pay. Papa went to the Falls tonight, and will go to Black Creek in the morning. Fern Healy was down at night to see about Wednesday night. Dr Greenwood was here at night."